# Some Ideas About Ideology (Draft)
Ownership of the book: It does not propose any doctrines, it belongs to the world's human rights, and belongs to every peace-loving person. Without the support of the world's human rights, it would be impossible to make any progress. This decision is reasonable and reasonable.

This article only analyzes to the ideological level, and does not continue to delve into it. Because the current life sciences have not made new breakthroughs, the definition of life is not rigorous, precise, and unclear, or that life itself cannot be quantified and defined normally. The main difference between humans and artificial intelligence in distinguishing life is also in these points: humans have self and subjectivity, and AI can only be counted as features, and more advanced features (random or other algorithms) can be refined by learning the features of input data; There are no rules for humans, but for love, belief, or other reasons to reach consensus rules. AI has logical rules and requires artificial definition of learning algorithms. Random itself also has rules, and its thermal distribution is uniform. Human beings don’t need numbers, but still can survive. AI requires data-driven and sample input, otherwise it is stupid machine. Life is likely to exist beyond the high latitudes under the current scientific understanding, and it may even be an existence beyond matter. After the scientific foundation has reached a certain level, the code of life will inevitably be deduced. Forcible research will only cause sins when there are still many shortcomings in the barrel of science.

(The following 2 sentences borrow the words of 2 unknown authors on the Internet) This is not science, but a bottomless desire and curiosity. On the magnificent path of science, we are just a grain of fine sand. The times have not pushed us to that position, or there are not enough great thinkers to lay the foundation. It is only a futile effort for some people to be amazing, it seems like only an ant shakes a huge Tree alone (from Zhihu, the original text is Chinese).

"Explaining the historical process and the current state of the world" --> "Concept of world order, cultural diversification, economic globalization, military centralization" --> "Analyzing and discussing power and rights to explain political issues and phenomena" --> "Discussing political characteristics" --> "Discussing derivative issues, Integrity, democracy, media, territory"

In the German ideology proposed in 1845, a well-known economic foundation and superstructure theory was formed. This theory has excellently guided the development of the world for nearly 200 years, but with the rapid development of the world, neglected factors have affected the superstructure. The impact has begun to become more obvious, and the ignorant emphasis on the economy has led to the gradual disappearance of some of the forgotten precious humanistic spirit. Throughout the development of the Western Industrial Revolution to the present...

People will always pay attention to the glamorous things, but will always ignore the love behind them. If there is no self-sacrifice of chivalry in the West, how can the industrial revolution develop under the iron cavalry gun? The best case is the case. Too late Qing Dynasty’s dreams of great powers shattered. The powerful countries in modern times are supported by a strong humanistic spirit. Examples are everywhere. The development of the Third World cannot be separated from the persistent pursuit of communism and the admiration and tolerance of other parties for their own culture. The United States and the European Union dominate. The development of the West is inseparable from the incomparable devotion to Christ, and even in the turmoil of the Islamic countries, the cohesion and cohesion are inseparable from the many pious Muslims...

What is the decisive factor in the historical process in the final analysis? The point of this article is that the decisive factor leading to a fundamental change in the historical process is human thought, and the decisive factor leading to a fundamental change in the world order is human ideology. The change of thought determines the slow evolution of ideology. Ideology is difficult to change. Without sufficient maturity conditions and absolute reasons, politicians should not use external forces to forcefully change ideology, otherwise it may not have much effect, and the cost will be extremely heavy. Typical cases such as the "Cultural Revolution". Just as the eggs are broken from the outside, only some broken proteins and lipids are obtained. Only when the eggs are broken from the inside to the outside can life be born. However, the "shell" of humanistic accumulation is far from a thin layer of calcium carbonate, but more importantly, a series of fresh lives. The real factor of all changes is the ability to effectively use resources (mainly science), but humans are not included in resources, and humans are life (Russian thinkers have taken the lead in putting forward similar views on resource utilization capabilities). The level of productivity development is actually the level of man’s ability to control tools in a strict sense. This level reflects the level of development of human civilization. In the Stone Age, humans could only control stone tools, and in the Industrial Age, they could control industry. Now in the 21st century, we Able to control high-tech machines. In any activity of human society, it is people who play a decisive role, and people are driven by consciousness and thought. The level of craftsmanship does not grow out of thin air, and technology does not innovate out of thin air. These changes are only brought about by people's love and devotion to things. Even if the level of science and technology has been greatly improved, it still cannot promote historical progress. For example, when Christian missionaries came to the Qing Dynasty to preach, modern technology had already appeared, but due to ideological issues, China did not break away from feudalism until a series of events led by the Revolution of 1911. Only after the success of the great changes did China gradually enter a modernized country. For another example, when Copernicus put forward the heliocentric theory, economic factors were not important, and he did not get any rewards. On the contrary, he was imprisoned and was persecuted, but his love for the world and the pursuit of truth made him fearless, without Copernicus. Our current understanding of the universe may still foolishly believe that the earth is the center of the universe, and it is difficult for science to develop. When economists put forward new and transformative economic theories, it is also because of their humanistic care for the same kind, and they don't want to see their kind suffer from the sufferings of life, and give back to the world with their lifelong academic pursuits. When the outstanding thinkers of ancient times put forward revolutionary theories, it was even less due to economic factors. Confucius set up the Analects, John Locke opened up the doctrine of human rights, Thomas Jefferson drafted the Declaration of Independence, and Karl Marx ( Karl Heinrich Marx) in the book "On Capital", which is not because of the pursuit of ideals, which reports the determination to dare to work for the people in the world. On the contrary, those countries with very good economies and stinky wine and meat tend to decline; in fact, Marx and Engels themselves are also good examples. They did not cause them to initiate a communist revolution because of economic factors, but their noble humanities. The spirit makes them reluctant to see the suffering of the poor. Only then will there be a series of revolutionary events that will promote the evolution of this world from cruel exploitation to the current world of human rights. No matter what the doctrines used in the world are in the end, there is only thanks here. Without the foundation of these giants, there will be no subsequent results at all.

The actual order of the world is determined by the group of civilized buildings, and the order of differences intersects and penetrates each other at the junction of civilizations. Civilization is not the construction of political power. Civilization means too much. It is a history of blood and tears, and the support and hope for survival. The corpse mountain built of bones is likely to be only a few words in civilization; culture is not just a pile of words, culture It means that a series of crystalline inheritance of civilization, wisdom, technology, etc., is an invaluable treasure, a unique fruit that is difficult to comprehend elsewhere but can be learned in the cradle of culture. Almost all countries are superstructures determined by a dynamic but slowly evolving cultural core, because the logic of human behavior is determined by the country’s culture. Historical processes, natural conditions, economy, and major events will all affect the formation of culture. The economic foundation is only part of the factors that affect the superstructure. For example, India’s worship of cattle originates from its native religion’s respect for the cattle god, which has nothing to do with the economy. Culture is not a short-lived custom that is divorced from actual written records or emerging, but a highly abstract key summary that has been precipitated by long-term practical tests. Many systems in the economy are developed around one or more of them, the simplest and most direct. An example is credit risk assessment, which basically revolves around the saying that there is no free lunch in the world. If the world order is unconstrained, under normal circumstances, civilization hopes to be able to firmly occupy the top of the chain of interests, so as to control the real power of life and death, just like any dynasty in history, it is cruel to other civilizations and at the same time to itself. The same is true for the people. If a force is completely hostile to even some of its slightly different kind, it is also difficult to convince people that it is benevolent. The existence of mutual restraint will objectively deter non-discriminatory ambitions, which are competitive and cooperative. Unbalance will evolve into a unified and saw-saw state. This kind of saw-saw is embodied in the gradual disappearance of external threats and then turns into hostility to the smaller internal forces. In fact, everything has nothing to do with difference, it's just power and desire. This is what Confucius said thousands of years ago. Gentlemen are harmonious but different, and villains are the same but not harmonious. Assuming that there are multiple civilizations, each civilization will naturally produce the urgent purpose of conforming to the subject's ideology and generally converging to the core values to eliminate the subject's contradictions. The so-called world is unified, so the discussion of the world outlook is excluded. According to preliminary conclusions, the main characteristics of the superstructure include rationality, stability, leadership, and cohesion. The economic basis determines whether the superstructure is reasonable, the mass basis determines whether the superstructure is stable and how long it can last, and the education foundation determines whether the superstructure exists. Whether the leadership strength of the superstructure is sufficient, the values of civilization determine cohesion.

Almost all theories have the phenomenon of principle entropy change (Note 1). There are two reasons. One is that there is a frame of reference for the establishment of all principles, and cognition always has limitations. With the expansion of cognition, the frame of reference will also expand, and the theory will inevitably have blind spots; the second is that the principle is based on the reference frame. Observations of objective laws conclude that high-level theories are inferred based on limited objective facts, and the reference frame is not immutable, and even isolated systems always increase in entropy. When the reference frame changes, the original theory also It is difficult to apply. Some of the theoretical foundations are somewhat changeable. For example, science corresponds to the laws of matter that make up the objective world, which is very difficult to change. Therefore, the rate of change of the principle entropy approaches zero under the known environment and language, and language depends on The changing social environment and the way people communicate, so even if the time window is narrowed to a few decades, significant differences can be found.

###### (Note 1) Principle entropy change and knowledge half-decay are two concepts. Entropy was proposed by the German mathematician Clausius, and the principle of entropy change was borrowed from this and introduced abstractly. The fundamental reason for the knowledge half-life is that the economic value space of non-principal knowledge will be gradually eroded due to practical use. When knowledge is known to all relevant personnel, it loses the value of difference competition. The entropy of the reference frame of principle construction will be completely invalid when it increases to a certain degree of confusion. After the decay of knowledge, it does not mean that knowledge becomes unusable, but the economic value of knowledge declines. Use specific cases to explain the difference between the two. When the principle entropy changes, it is necessary to rebuild or improve the available theoretical system, otherwise the theory will be phased out. Positive cases such as several crisis revolutions in the history of mathematics, negative cases such as the study of ghosts and gods ; Knowledge half-decay only means that the realization price of knowledge is no longer high, but you still have to learn the just-needed knowledge. Although you can't make money, you can't get a foothold in society without learning, such as serious criminal law (death penalty, rape).

When the government does not have serious corruption or bureaucratic problems, the struggle for material-ism has a taste of gradual struggle for resources and rights. The core difference of material-ism is the decisive factor in the distribution of resources in society as a whole. To compare two examples, capital-ism is through the market and capital, while social-ism is through core power. When a capitalist monopoly appears, no matter how difficult it is for a large number of capital owners to be restrained, capital exploitation will occur; when the power of social-ism is corrupt, the power that originally distributes resources fairly is used for personal gain, and power exploitation replaces capital exploitation. These will magnify the evil side of human nature, which is why people hate corrupt officials and capital exploiters so much. The principle of entropy change is used to explain these phenomena. The original capital's reference system was only used to promote material exchange, but when the capital crossed the red line of currency functions, the reference system changed, and currency still had the tools to quantify the purpose of killing. Failure to follow up in time will result in disasters; the original production theory's reference frame was only used for production cooperation to meet people's basic material needs, and the reference frame changed when the productivity reached a level sufficient to cover the material needs of every citizen , It is no longer productivity that determines production relations, but social and cultural accumulation determines how to treat contributors. The fundamental reason for the centralization of ism disputes is that unitism does not cover the entire human society. Usually, in order to seek the stable operation of the country, the ruling power has to actually exercise opposing ideological propositions. The untrue ism is more of an attractive gimmick. More crucially, no matter what kind of doctrine can't escape the underlying law of the weak eating the weak, the substantive difference lies in the attitude towards the weak. The people’s well-being is the most important thing. For ordinary people, no doctrine is worth the sacrifice. Most people’s idea is to be treated kindly by the strong so that they can live their lives happily and steadily. This has led to the fact that there is not much substantial difference in demands between the countries dominated by doctrines. It is just that because national interests are higher than the institutional form, no country will recognize the advantages of antagonism at the expense of political power. To give a universal and accurate statement is the doctrine of foot-cutting and fitness-fitting. This is a chaotic phenomenon, which is easy to be used by others to cause disputes, such as praising "patriotism", flattering "patriotism", unscrupulous "patriotism", violation of "patriotism", xenophobic "patriotism", etc. Some people are also talking about it. "Patriotic" abandons the culture of the country without seeking explanation, as long as it caters to the current public opinion, it can win the recognition and benefit of everyone. It is necessary to know that the fascist nationals during World War II were more "patriotic." There are also some philosophies that share the same nature but have different opinions. For example, patriotism and humanitarianism. Although the former is called patriotism, the essence of a country is not a power institution but a citizen. The latter is more simple and clear, and it is a great love for the people of the world. Confucianism has the idea of self-cultivation and governance, and the two are in the same line. When it comes to doctrine, there are objective demands that you want to express. In fact, you can present objective indicators to present the demands of the doctrine. For example, socialism pays more attention to the integrity and distribution of social wealth. It also has resource scheduling and democracy. Objective indicators such as degree of satisfaction, satisfaction with people’s livelihood, and degree of identity. It is inappropriate to define the destiny body of a regime based on the ownership of property rights. It is biased to use a doctrine to define the nature of society too arbitrarily, which can easily lead to opposition and prejudice, and it cannot objectively describe social attributes. A huge and complicated civilization system is applied with extremely collapsed characteristics, and there will be anti-intellectual phenomena that continue to lose precious inheritance, and the bottom line will retreat and retreat (prejudice and slander of traditional culture, forced expropriation that should not be public, prohibition of private occupation , Can not be measured by currency).

It is almost an inevitable event that political science develops from a theory that emphasizes unitism to a disciplinary and systematic development. When the old theory is no longer able to objectively discuss the real world, the credibility will be reduced. If a new and very convincing theory cannot emerge in time, then this branch field will gradually decline. The most representative example is the science of ghosts and gods, and other disciplines are also the case. If there is no politics in the world, public interests will be ignored, and our living environment will no longer be cherished. The inability to effectively curb global environmental changes caused by the decline in the credibility of world regimes in recent years has already explained the problem. Politics itself is actually beautiful, but what is ugly is the heart of politicians who have not used public power well. The politics full of lies and competition for interests brings more harm to the world. If it fails to change positively, then politics will be deconstructed into doctrines such as ideology, organizational form, and management, and will eventually be left in the long river of history. . After political science loses its vitality, the concept of the state will be diluted, some civilizations will be eliminated naturally, and the world will evolve into a multi-centered, one-order pattern. Because it is certain that the existing technology will not be abandoned, and the world is like a global village under the blessing of information technology. The specific order in this case is unknown, and the result depends entirely on how technology is used consciously by everyone. It is time for political science to need a bright change based on human rights. Do not wait for something to be replaced by something that could be done well before you begin to regret it. The stacking of literal concepts is far less precious than the ever-fading life.

After all, all kinds of doctrines are reinterpretations of the human standard. Any development of doctrines that deviates from the human standard will cause the problem of exploitation. Just like the development of religion in the Pope’s time has moved towards the God standard, or the emperor standard in the feudal period. , Or in contemporary corruption, although it is possible to spend no cents, it can be consumed with public power. I divided all theisms into materialism, organizational morphology and philosophicalism. Materialism describes the ideology of people's external material distribution, such as communism and capitalism, but in many cases this is not the decisive factor. People often choose according to the situation or even mix proportions for the things they love, such as husband and wife. Choosing to work hard to make money in order to stay together, but after becoming a parent for the sake of their children, they may not want anything; organizational morphology describes the ideology of the relationship between social members, such as socialism and imperialism; philosophicalism describes Project the inductive ideology of people's inner yearning, such as liberalism and domesticism. Materialism has obvious advantages and disadvantages. The advantage is that it can ignore individual differences and the rapid development of material conditions. The disadvantage is that it is difficult to travel far away. External materials cannot explain too many problems. Although the sons are equally poor, they cannot gain the same respect. A self-made entrepreneur who has made great contributions to society and a corrupt official who embezzled a huge amount of public funds are equally rich but not of the same nature.

A doctrine phenomenon worth analyzing, I call it the phenomenon of political lag.

The doctrines actually implemented in some countries are often inconsistent with the doctrines claimed by the outside. Political theories and systems cannot keep up with the changes and development of society. Due to national interests, the cost of directly changing the system is too high. This is for maintaining stability and preventing Turmoil governs the country in a lagging political form. In the case of China, what the outside world claims is socialism, but in fact, a large part of it is patriarchalism. This is a good explanation for the inherent reasons for the conflict between human rights and sovereignty. On the surface, it seems that human rights are violated for the sake of territory, but it is actually due to voluntary or involuntary sacrifices made because of the emotions of the family and the country. It is necessary to explain in detail here that the normal logical relationship between human rights and sovereignty is that human rights are the most fundamental and broadest foundation, and sovereignty is a solid backing for the protection of human rights. Both of these are extremely important. A more special case is that full-time practitioners will regard their responsibilities as the highest standards of life. Two typical cases, soldiers and human rights practitioners. Soldiers value the defense of their homeland and country more than their lives. Therefore, for soldiers, national sovereignty is more important than their own human rights. As for military-related explanations, there is no need to repeat them; human rights practitioners will regard the human rights of all people more than life. For them, the cause of human rights is above all else. Therefore, no matter whether the phenomenon of harming human rights is motivated by the wishes of the parties, it is necessary to fight for it. Problems that need to be solved urgently. There are game issues and geopolitical issues between the two. In some historical stages in reality, it may not be possible to have both, but in the future, it must be developed in the direction of proper and balanced handling.

The state should not be forced to be a specific doctrine. The so-called doctrine can only reflect the policy orientation and system status of the ruling party. The people don't care about the specific ism, but more about the actual policy dividends. The people have the right to choose a certain ism when they want, and they have the right to reject it when they don't. The substantial differences between modern countries are reflected in the humanities, economics, and military conditions of the society. However, due to the increasingly terrifying power of nuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruction, wars between major powers will cause this planet to be caused by any carelessness. The devastating destruction of most regions, in fact, no country is willing to start a war when the economy can develop independently and steadily, and the arms race has a taste of self-defeating. The focus of all issues is on how to allocate resources reasonably. The problem with the current monetary system is that the huge amount of money can be turned into a weapon at any time under the dark side of human nature, which can take human lives without bloodshed. This is why some people oppose capital. But communism cannot avoid the problem of human nature. The abolition of private ownership will inevitably require a powerful government to dispatch and allocate resources. Under the ownership system, only power replaces currency. The focus of the solution for the survival of the disadvantaged groups has shifted from the greedy governance of money to the greedy governance of power. There is no essential difference. . The dispute between private ownership and ownership is just a game of words. Occupying a huge amount of wealth is essentially the same as holding public power. Whatever you have is the decision-making power over a lot of resources. Whatever is lacking in the roots of being rich or ruling for private is right. One has an objective understanding of things. Anyone who has made achievements will inevitably receive support from everyone. After obtaining a large amount of social resources, he should give back to the society. The core problem that causes contradictions is the disparity between ownership and obligation, and the limitation of non-fulfillment of obligations.

The essence of power and currency is trust. The two trust categories are different. Power is responsible for social affairs and currency is responsible for resource transactions. The objects of trust are different, such as people, organizations, and systems. Many current systems are based on the view that people are not credible, so that even when there is distrust of certain individuals, the operation of society is still effective. In this case, it is almost possible to judge that the situation of the group in power is inhumane. . But in fact, the system is more reasonable based on the viewpoint that people are unreliable. People are credible, but as long as they are people, they will make mistakes. Therefore, people are not always reliable. In many cases, the system is more stable. Untrustworthy situations should be treated as unreliable risks, and the prerequisite work for credit evaluation should be done in advance, and the problematic part should be regarded as the fault of the untrustworthy individual and the relevant responsible person, instead of treating everyone under the system as the fault Untrustworthy. Otherwise, there are serious flaws in the system design, which is to pass on to others the lack of responsibility for the recommender's credit assessment work. The balance of power must be maintained at an appropriate level. Too many extremes are unrealistic and dangerous. Although suffering is only for those in power, and for the public, it is usually beneficial to fishermen and does not interfere too much, but fierce and serious conflicts will eventually affect the fish pond. Excessive power constraints between each other will bring mistrust, struggle, and inefficiency; the complete lack of power constraints will cause violent conflicts, and once the situation spreads, it cannot be stopped. Examples of excessive power restriction abound in history. The centralization of power in each dynasty imposed extremely harsh restrictions on the power of ministers. As a result, the history of a little farther away has never been without the word cruel, or after the success of the ministerial uprising. The slaughter of the royal family is exhausted, or the opposing forces will be completely eliminated after the imperial power is successfully suppressed; the most typical example of unconstrained power is party disputes without legal constraints, which causes the parties to govern themselves for multiple rounds of internal friction. If the power of the party can be restricted by the people and the party is party Check and balance each other, so that the talents of the elites of all parties will be used by the people, instead of killing each other and causing the death of tens of millions of soldiers in a certain country in internal fighting. For a country or a region to prosper, it should learn from the sky at night. The quiet and beautiful night sky is fascinating because it can accommodate the bright stars. The lonely starry sky will lose all people's longing for it. The fundamental solution is to rationally plan the fundamental powers of groups and organizations, select noble political experts who have no political interest appeals to review the qualifications of party participation in politics, and adopt a limited number of multi-party democratic centralism with real power. In the process of pursuing democracy in areas where democracy has not been achieved, there should be two things that should be done, resolutely defending substantive democratic politics, and resolutely defending the due rights of every party. It is not for the sake of democracy to ignore or trample on the ontological power of the forces, the country, and the party in a certain historical process. Democracy obtained by disrespecting principles and destroying the bottom line is undemocratic. Even if it is won, it is often done with makeup. Or the fruit of premature democracy. Power planning is to avoid conflicts as much as possible, limiting the number is to prevent the unavoidable competition from being too chaotic, and emphasizing real power is to avoid the creation of eunuchs (in ancient times, human eunuchs were not eunuchs, but now the world talks about human rights, and humans are not eunuchs. Party eunuch), democratic centralism is for administrative unity and efficiency. The constitution is used to protect the legitimate rights and interests of democratic parties, to emphasize national interests and neglect the private views of one party, to prevent bottomless interest and power struggles between parties, to prevent the formation of parties due to interest grouping, and to make the cause of the party as far as possible The common political ideals that are beneficial to the world, each have their own emphasis and mutual restraint, effectively stifle power rent, avoid the tendency of power to be passed on to the hands of various second generations, so that power can be transferred to the hands of people who really do practical things, and improve The degree of political responsibility and the degree of participation of the masses, cooperate to complete the implementation of the superstructure. The essential principle of solving problems has long been discussed in obscure ancient books of various countries, such as the Tao Te Ching and the Book of Changes. In modern times, it is Dr. Wayne Dale who has the same idea. It is discussed in his book "The Way of Balance" and applied in On the superstructure, using two words to express it is the golden mean, and using modern words to express it is to supervise and restrict each other and avoid the weakness of human nature.

Since the end of World War II, almost all countries in the world have undergone economic and social transformation. They are well aware of the cruelty of war. The world has experienced too many blood and tears and vicissitudes of life so far. Countries have an extremely strong desire for the implementation of peaceful and powerful civilization. The global economic system came into being based on mutual trust, but the trust that drifted in the wind can no longer withstand major twists and turns. This is a material-oriented world. Survival cannot do without material. No matter how lofty ideas are, it also needs material foundation support. The current world economic system is by far the most civilized way to resolve material contention, and various economic cultures. It seems to have become an important part of the culture of various countries. The current problem is that this civilized system gives people an illusion similar to the Pure Land of Bliss. Once you forget the history and the precious culture of your own country, resulting in the loss of responsibility, no matter which social system can solve the irreconcilable contradictions. When internal conflicts get out of control, violent turmoil will inevitably be triggered. With the military level of the world today and the degree of evolution of other species, once a nuclear war between major powers starts, we will miss the sweet sorrows of unemployment, interest disputes, and emotional entanglements. Under such severe conditions of climate change and the renewed increase in military power brought about by the arms race, an out-of-control war will not only cause a large number of casualties and damage to infrastructure, but will also cause mankind to bury the technology accumulated over thousands of years. The fruits of civilization such as humanities, biochemistry and nuclear weapons, and the ecological destruction and species variation caused by nuclear weapons are even more difficult. Assuming that the power struggle escalates into a world war, the more optimistic outcome is that humans fall from the top of the food chain and their status is replaced by unmuted beasts. The main species participating in the Fourth World War will no longer be humans. The rate of evolution and mutation of the new crown has confirmed this point. We are already tired of coping when the environment has not changed. If weapons of mass destruction cause drastic changes in the environment, it is not difficult to imagine that other species that are in dire straits all year round lack. Just an opportunity. In the past, the dinosaurs were extinct due to an asteroid impact, and if we cannot firmly defend the peace, then the chief culprit in causing the disaster is ourselves.

The objective law of political power changes is that the ebb and flow is accompanied by division, division, and recombination. The tangible country will perish after the life of the organization is exhausted, and only the charm of the country—civilization will be continued by future generations. Just as China is no longer China, the old "China" has been buried in the loess with the Manchu regime for a hundred years, but the new China, which has inherited the humanistic ideas and cultural heritage of the Chinese civilization, has re-established itself in the world. Just as the ancient Roman state has died out, but its civilization continues in the United States and other countries, the essence of ancient Roman civilization still lives on a very competitive land.

The fundamental issue for resolving geopolitical contradictions is not sovereignty, but ideology; the fundamental issue of whether people are happy is not the amount of sovereignty, but the economic backflow (that is, the amount of economic growth that the people contribute to the country and ultimately return to the people, It is also the political dividend brought by the regime to the people that ultimately feeds back to the economic volume of the politicians. This is a two-way concept. The economic return of the people’s livelihood and the return of the political economy can also be derived from the economic return rate); reduce conflicts and improve administration The key to efficiency is not whether the same nationality is the same, but the validity of the rules (no ambiguity, degree of implementation, etc.).

Establishing a reasonable system recognized by all countries to cover a world based on human rights composed of sovereign states is the key, just as the Prophet Muhammad described the world to form a complete and unified harmonious system. The idea is to improve again on the Westphalian system, eliminate the shortcomings, and retain the excellent ideas. Continue to maintain the framework of no longer seizing the territories of other countries, completely solve the existing shortcomings of economic globalization, and establish a well-laid development path that can prosper and grow regardless of the size of the country. The decisive factor in resolving contradictions is the unanimously recognized rules and standards that can be implemented and implemented, and what kind of recognized organization implements the rules. The world system should not and does not need to be unified into a single sovereign administrative organization. Global monopoly (Note 3) will destroy the diversity of civilizations, and it is likely to usher in the result of species extinction in the face of sudden and devastating disasters. . The single sovereignty of the world also means a single center. In the face of huge, complex and diverse civilization differences, the following vicious problems will inevitably occur, ruining the necessary political boundaries and fault tolerance, split brains in administrative decision-making (Note 4), and overfocused resource. (Note 5), and produce a lot of excessive regional marginalization (Note 6). The truth is straightforward, it's like putting all your eggs in the same basket. In a single-sovereign world, as long as there is a problem in one area, all areas will face the same problem. Just like the millennium bug virus does not occur because of different physical machines, as long as there is a problem with the same operating system, it is bound to be inevitable. . Conducive to the development of political disciplines requires a free and prosperous academic environment. Academic research under an authoritarian political environment will inevitably be limited due to political stability and governance factors. It is extremely difficult to publish articles outside of power tolerance. At the same time, the shrinking of governance resources will also cause Competitive contradictions have intensified. Other drawbacks are that the larger the territory, the higher the cost of regime iteration, and the higher the cost of maintaining stability, which will also cause all parties to lose their constraints on each other. Once the regime is corrupted, almost all people under its jurisdiction will be dragged into the abyss. The larger the scope, the more serious the consequences. If the scope is the world, then all human beings will be affected. Under the multinational system, political beliefs can be different, and the world can tolerate and accept a variety of different political views, so that different political theories have the opportunity to make a difference, which is more conducive to the development of political disciplines; secondly, even if they do not agree with the host country It is not necessary to subvert the regime for different political beliefs when the price of the replacement of the regime is extremely high. Otherwise, if it brings turmoil to the people, it will violate the original political intention of governing for the people. But under a single sovereign system, if there are different political beliefs, there are only two choices, seizing power or forbearing opposition to the power, no matter which one you will at least not fight for political beliefs you don’t agree with, and generally will continue to generate conflicts and resolve contradictions. The price is usually high. If the world does not really need superpowers to unify the actions of one person, so-called unification will only make the world more one-sided, and cannibalism in a black and white world will only be more terrifying. What's more, human beings will spontaneously form a powerful regime when encountering a major species dilemma, and it does not need to be deliberately unified, but the world does not have such a need to force it to be a heinous crime.

###### (Note 3) Dictatorship is not dictatorship. Two concepts, dictatorship is a derogatory term, and dictatorship means that there is only a single sovereignty within a region, which is a neutral term.
###### (Note 4) Split-brain, quoted from a computer term, refers to a regime that makes two contradictory decisions at the same time, making administrative implementation impossible.
###### (Note 5) Overfocused Resource. This means that high-quality, just-needed resources have been looted too much, just like a magnifying glass that focuses light on a focal point to cause overheating.
###### (Note 6) Regional marginalization, here refers to the region being left out of the margin without inputing resource.

To solve the problem is to solve the fundamental factors that produce contradictions, and to give a consistent and universal standard for things that are not related to politics, such as trade rules, market fairness, personal property protection, military bottom lines, etc., which actually generate contradictory factors. There can be no double standards for these, just like Spanish potatoes and Russian potatoes are not two species. Here, by the way, a misunderstanding that has been misunderstood by the world has been extended for a long time. The contradiction between political opinions is not the contradiction of politics itself, but the objective contradiction that has nothing to do with politics is led by politics as a guide. The simplest example is interest disputes between vendors and gangs fighting for territory, whether there is politics or not, these will exist. Good politics resolve these contradictions, and bad politics escalates these contradictions into national contradictions. In the final analysis, there is a problem with those in power. It is a truth to blame politics and blame "money is the root of all evil". What is easy to confuse to this impression is that lifeless politics has lost its own direction and has become a megaphone. It has no longer practiced its own political propositions. Political propositions regardless of their names are just a few of the tools of interest on their faces. Big characters.

A country in the 21st century cannot do without six key elements: politics, economy, military, education & humanities, science & technology, and public utilities. The overwhelming majority of the violent contradictions in the past few hundred years were economic and military contradictions, and the root cause was the fragmentation of multi-polar ideology. This is mainly the separation of the ideology itself and the separation of the carrier. The separation of ideological differences is well understood and need not be repeated. To put it simply, the separation of the carrier means that the relationship between the people of the country is fading away, and even the same ideology will continue to produce cognitive blind spots. The country itself has no subjective initiative. With the passage of time and the old and new people, the same country will no longer be the previous country. After estranged from each other, they will not know each other's similarities and changes. Such a long time will also evolve into differences in ideology itself, such as the North-South Korean issue and the China Taiwan issue, and the twins separated for decades can hardly be close as before. When the attitude towards things cannot be agreed and can no longer understand each other, the means of war are often adopted in the end, and the result is crushing and has nothing to do with the will of individuals and groups. There is often a phenomenon in history. When a country becomes difficult in its own material conditions, it will quickly magnify the ideological gap with the opposing group. They can no longer understand their respective objective differences, and shift all responsibilities to the opposing country’s doctrine. The problem, until it is torn to the point that it can no longer be communicated effectively, and the war is launched. The victorious country eliminated the material predicament by plundering the resources of the defeated country. The defeated country succumbed to power and developed with humiliation. However, along with the economic development, there are the seeds of hatred planted by the calamity of war. Decades or a hundred years later, the same problems of the same country resurfaced again, but people did not have the same peaceful will. They only remembered the same hatred, but even forgot that same period of history. The world has fallen into this again and again. The slaughterhouse-like vicious circle of conflict and war. To give an example of recent economic conflicts, the trade conflict between China and the United States is the result of this. When the two peoples have a huge difference in perception and cannot understand each other, they will regard each other as unjust and will inevitably lead to conflict.

The systematic elaboration of the core characteristics of ideology is the key to solving contradictory problems. There are congenital and acquired ideologies. For example, a typical congenital contradiction, such as the natural enemy relationship between a lion and an antelope, is that the natural consciousness written into the lion’s DNA information believes that the antelope is food for hunting, and the natural consciousness carried by the antelope DNA allows one to know about the Lions Club. Causes life threats, so this natural ideological antagonism is destined to cause the immortality of the two parties. Acquired humanities such as the human environment, just like the ancient emperor’s sacred and inviolable image was created by cultural soil, so insulting the emperor is a very serious social contradiction, and the two groups of people who shelter and apprehend are often killed quickly. , But now that such cultural soil is eradicated, the term is no longer so sacred, and there is no contradiction at all.

### What is a contradiction?

Contradiction is the mutual exclusion of a single worldview. The main reason for the multipolar world is the fragmentation of ideology.

Understand multipolarity and diversity. Multi-polarity is not necessarily related to difference, and the same can produce multi-polarity; but multi-polarity is not necessarily the same, and difference may also produce multi-polarity. For example, the struggle for the throne in the feudal period was full of desire for power, but did not stop the pursuit of power because of the same desire, and each other bloodied the same persistence and hatred distribution and confronted each other in the gap between life and death. The ends. For another example, the ancients were extremely contemptuous and contemptuous of merchants. Perhaps the most obvious thing was that between scholars and merchants, one regarded it as full of bronze and pedantry, and the two stubbornly held different prejudices to host each other and alienate each other. To give an easy-to-understand example in life, the quarrel between two people must be due to two equally strong people. If two people are the same, there will be quarrels and disputes. This is a mutually exclusive two pole; but if there is A person with a broad mind and everything else makes it difficult to quarrel. This is a harmonious duality; in other words, if two people have the same broad mind, they will not quarrel. This is also a harmonious duality. In the final analysis, regardless of the same or different, ideological fragmentation, large and small, has created a multi-polarity of all kinds.

So how to resolve multi-polarity into pluralism? To give an example in life, people usually think that fire and water are incompatible. Two people who have hatred often use the same situation. It seems that between the two is doomed to death and death. However, if you put water in the kettle, people just want to drink hot water, then water and fire are the best partners. It can be seen that the contradiction is not water and fire itself. The contradiction is to impose a single concept of existence on water and fire. It is one-sided that water and fire are not divided into different levels, either water extinguishes fire or fire evaporates water. At this time, water and fire are two extremes, and they are in a system of single existence, so contradictions arise. Similarly, the inherent conception of water and fire can also be interpreted as ideological opposition. This single contradiction concept has lasted for thousands of years, and water and fire are natural enemies. But if the multi-polarity is transformed into pluralism, the contradictions can be eliminated. Specifically, if they are placed in a water heating system that works in concert with each other, water and fire are compatible dual elements, so it is clear that they are not contradictory.

### Cultural diversity
If the cultural context of the superstructure, the world's economic structure and military forces can be rationally sorted out and planned, a world of cultural diversification, economic globalization, and military centralization can be formed, and a practical system can be used to regulate and restrict it. The rules must be strongly enforceable, have no privileges, be clear and clear, and meet the zero-hidden rules. Only sincere approval can they not be violated. Only unambiguous and explicit rules can avoid disputes to the greatest extent. Therefore, the rules must be resolute and thorough. Oppose everything and the muddy tone. Countries have reached a consensus to jointly protect the sovereignty of UN member states and prohibit malicious destruction of other countries’ political, economic, military and other systems. The same contradictions and conflicts can circumvent the majority. In fact, governing impartially and impartially is an extremely tolerant effort and a great test of ability. It is extremely difficult to truly meet the requirements of human rights, democracy, racial equality, economic prosperity, and military security in line with words and deeds. The incident of political promise was suppressed by political privilege. It can be said that when the regime must be responsible for political actions and there are no privileges and gray interests, and when the people have real control over state power, those in power will hardly be willing to expand their territory.

Let the world structure be based on the realization of human rights, and make the distinction of sovereign states focus on regional administrative division and governance. In other words, the concept of the United States and China is similar to two larger provinces and cities, except that the administrative management and regional customs are different; but it cannot be without national boundaries, otherwise it is like Russia has only one Russian city. The vitality of sovereignty is based on the development and practice of civilization, so that politics is gradually separated from the struggle for interests, and the political power is no longer established by the gathering of interest groups. In this way, no matter how people go to any country, they cannot rely on the regime to seek benefits, so the contradictions between the regimes and the reasons for the war are wiped out. Politics should be more pure. After the realization of a basic economic protection clause recognized by the world, politics will not interfere in the market, and interest issues should be resolved by the parties themselves, and public power should only make fair decisions. Today's national ideology is full of confusing populist interests. Many so-called national contradictions are actually issues of interest, and interest disputes are expressed through the channels of state institutions. If state institutions really serve the people as politicians say, then there will be no politics that disregards the people, let alone the people who sacrifice themselves upside down for the interests of the country.

Political thinking is different from business thinking. If there is one thing to compare the country with, it is the family. Just imagine who, as a parent, would only use money standards to measure and demand their children, the same problem is the same when it comes to national issues. The country and the family have something in common. The smallest unit is a living person. The two are interdependent, and there is no distinction between them, but no matter which one suffers damage, the other is not immune. There are many differences between countries and homes, and the difference in size between the two has led to huge differences in the logic of action. The disadvantage of the current world order lies in the lack of explanation of superstructure factors other than economic and military factors. This has led to inconsistent and effective world rules, the implementation of double standards, and the United States’ identity as a world policeman has not been affected by all countries. It is an important part of the problem that who will implement the rules is recognized by the government. It seems that it is a better practice for the implementing country and the implementing organization to be elected in each period. The current division of the world is mainly based on economics. The first, second, and third worlds, developed and developing countries, and even capitalism and socialism are focused on economics. As the world economy continues to grow, the contradiction between the superstructures affected by different cultures in different regions will become more apparent. Countries that were previously able to be appeased by economic support will inevitably show up with the existing world as their national strength increases. Places where order is out of order. The US-Soviet struggle for hegemony is an example. The main focus of the US-Soviet's consideration is dominance over the world. The problem is no longer a simple economic factor. In fact, this power should be extracted and abstracted, and the scope of involvement should not be endlessly increased, returning dust to dust and dirt to dirt.

Cultural diversification is an inevitable trend of world development, but it should be based on objective facts. Diversity is not a tool for all parties to use as a rhetoric to seek benefits. What can be diversified are areas that can be differentiated, such as lifestyles, humanities and customs, and life choices, while the objective and indisputable areas of what a person is and what the world is cannot be advocated, and more should be rigorous and safe. Why diversify? Diversity is not for the sake of diversification. To put it in a joking way, you cannot ask all girls to have plastic surgery just because some people like a certain type of girl. The deep reasons for diversification can be learned from history. The far-reaching civilizations in the world are extremely tolerant, not only tolerant of other cultures, but also natural and self-consistent. The only country with uninterrupted cultural records is China, which pays attention to inclusiveness of rivers and rivers, and most of the other strong and prosperous empires have been obliterated in the historical trend; Christianity pays attention to the love of the world, and you can see Christians in the Prague square where the doves are fed. The global war that traumatizes the world will not be absent, and neither will it change in the prosperous age or the chaos of war. For human civilization to develop by leaps and bounds, it must be more than just a word. To give a very simple example, imagine that Jiangnan and Tibetan areas are carved out of the same mold. How weird and awkward and boring it is. Graceful girls, tender talents, exquisite pavilions, misty pavilions and bridges are like Jiangnan, pious Jokhang Temple (to be more)

Diversity is not an unambiguous difference. It is based on the consistency of the core values of civilizations with absolute competitive advantages. It depends on the overall development level and resource conditions of civilizations and forms a complete system with nature. Even if the value orientations of weak civilizations are completely different, as long as they do not constitute a conflict threat to the subject, they should be protected and exchanged. Any kind of culture is a treasure for people, carrying a period of civilization history and a variety of future possibilities. It is not suitable to use image metaphors to describe it. There is an analogy fallacy and logical incompleteness when comparing the ocean, tree, or other concrete objects directly with civilization. For the sake of simplicity, civilization is only slightly similar to the tree in its most basic appeals. No matter what kind of civilization’s most basic value orientation is to thrive and thrive in this vast and empty universe, the world civilization starts from The logic of obtaining value in each regional civilization is somewhat similar to that of obtaining nutrients from the roots of a tree; the difference is that even if the tree metaphor is used at the most basic level, there are still not small differences, because civilization is abstract, has the characteristics of carrying, nurturing, and trans-time and space. The tree obviously doesn't, so you can't just copy and apply this example in a basic way. A tree is a tree, and civilization is civilization. In addition, more importantly, we need to be correct in our attitude towards learning from nature. It is good to be able to learn from it, but this is not what it should be. The emptiness of space is the original appearance, and learning to gain is what we should do. Take on what you do. What people have to do is to always learn from nature stupidly (at least humility). In this regard, at least the way of survival of the tree and the image of the roots of the tree root have taught us, whether it is a struggle or negotiation, whether it is a see-saw or a confrontation, In the final analysis, the ultimate goal is to return to cooperation; all non-cooperation is temporary, and cooperation is the enduring normal. Complete rejection of cooperation or even more extreme, everyone is a loser, and the case does not need to be detailed.

In the middle of the 20th century, China had an excellent opportunity to solve the root cause of the 5,000-year systemic ailment, that is, the Cultural Revolution, but this movement is more appropriately described in terms of the ideological struggle of the dictatorship of the proletariat. If the Cultural Revolution, as its name suggests, is a humanistic exploration of traditional Chinese culture, imported Marxist-Leninist thoughts, and the Three People's Principles, rational thinking about the relationship between Chinese culture and the world is a fierce but friendly civilized rational debate, then China will There will be no subsequent series of tragedies (on the other hand, this incident also directly shows that the separation of strong ideologies will cause conflicts and turmoil). There are always all kinds of coincidences and regrets in history, but if you take into account the constraints of the environment, these are understandable, and you cannot be too harsh to ask a life-long proletarian revolutionist driven by the situation to look at it from a hostile standpoint. The problem, after all, humans cannot completely avoid irrational animals.

When there is no good connection between countries at the level of cultural genes, most of what is sought is a matter of interest, and the emotional connection established is limited to people within the current situation, and the relationship will be alienated as the current situation changes. Just as there was not much cultural exchange between countries before World War II, the attitude towards each other was mostly hostile and repulsive, so there was "there are no eternal friends between countries, only eternal interests". The establishment of cultural genetic links between countries requires tremendous effort, and only a system or custom can be called it. Ordinary national relations will disintegrate as a generation of close communication leaves the center of power, and future generations will not naturally establish friendships.

Pluralistic peace and multi-polar peace are two completely different situations. Pluralistic peace is the United States and the United States, and each country can understand each other's differences. From an ideological point of view, there is no gap, while multi-polar peace is the restraint of unexplained contradictions, and it is more unwilling to benefit. The strategy of forbearance adopted for damage, and tolerance and endurance always have limits, which are separated from the ideological point of view. The eve of the First World War was a multi-polar world, and the trade war was used as the fuse to trigger the war.

### Economic Globalization
In the context of economic globalization, how ordinary countries can overcome disadvantages such as insufficient strategic depth and achieve prosperity comparable to the economic development of major countries even if their territories are not vast. This is a key factor for peace. Only in this way can all countries completely sever the endless wishful thinking of grabbing other countries' territories and bid farewell to repeated territorial conflicts and wars. We can see that even with the two superpowers of China and the United States, there are only four provinces in the most developed regions. Except for these provinces, other provinces are more obedient to the regime and assume the responsibility of economic components and clearing economic routes. After the economy is opened up Follow up the development one after another. In fact, the inland areas of the big countries do not have very good economies, and the lives of the people in these places are not as beautiful as the aura of the big countries. But why small countries can't rise is mostly because of the closure of their economic bloodlines, and because of political factors, business and trade are frequently blocked, and they are independent and even stumbling each other. The ideal world economy should be that ordinary countries can rely on economic globalization to achieve prosperity and development, and large countries can still maintain prosperity, but large countries have only a cumulative effect in terms of economics, rather than the current exponential effect. The advantages of rolling. More advantages of major powers should only be concentrated on the military.

Economic globalization has reduced the cost of trade transactions and promoted exchanges and cooperation, and better reached a higher level of consensus in the process of fair and equal trade. This is a mainstream trend in the world. To realize economic globalization more thoroughly, that is, to allow the people of all countries to benefit from the world's most advanced technological dividends. In layman's terms, it satisfies people's desire to spend the least amount of money to buy the best products in the world. A more feasible plan is to iterate and reform the existing WTO system and establish a new zero-tariff member alliance under the system. The access conditions of the alliance can regulate the consensus on trade rules, legal differences, and property rights. Countries that are willing to further promote trade can become member states after meeting the conditions of the alliance. Imports and exports of zero-tariff member states can realize tariff-free trade, and countries that do not agree can continue to exercise the legal power of tariff adjustment by sovereign states themselves.

One problem has been neglected in the process of economic globalization. The cooperative relations of trading partners cannot remain unchanged forever. Once the trading partners in an absolute leading position terminate the cooperative relations, it is very likely that the regional economy will be damaged or even paralyzed. The current rise of trade protectionism in various countries illustrates this matter. Most of them do not seek to be the market leader, but seek to maintain normal economic operations in this field after losing the industry giants. The original intention of the government to make trade protectionist decisions was not to protect private interests, but to protect the country’s basic economic aspects. The basic economic protection convention is a better solution. It takes the protection of the regional economy from the turmoil of international relations and too much involvement as the starting point, and objectively and realistically judges how much market share is lost that will harm the basic economy. What will cause an impact belongs to the scope of basic economic protection, and what will not cause an impact belongs to trade protectionism.

Ambiguous state-owned enterprises are shifting to economic functional departments, retaining the will of the state given to the economy, but not participating in market activities in the role and methods of enterprises, because the cost of paying taxes will break market rules. At present, the way in which economic functional departments participate in economic activities is still a proposition that is still being practiced and demonstrated. Market activities are a subset of economic activities, not all. And how to protect the basic economy remains to be discussed, whether it is calculated based on the ratio of the GDP of a country's related industries to the GDP of the total industry, or based on the ability to meet the country's self-sufficient domestic demand, or when the company cannot compete normally in the market. Afterwards, the necessary fields will be transformed into economic functional departments.

The effective final settlement of all economic problems in the world is almost always driven by the development of economics and science. Economics allows resources to be better and more rationally distributed, circulated, and reduced losses. Science can make material conditions and living conditions more favorable. Simply increasing the production capacity of goods does not solve the problem. People actually care more about the quality, condition and prospects of survival. And the types of resources are diverse. Not all are unlimited renewable resources. If the natural recovery rate is exceeded, the living environment will be completely destroyed. For non-renewable resources, the higher the production capacity, the better, before the resources are exhausted. Failure to develop new substitutes can only accelerate the demise. Just like fishing, if the reproduction volume of the fish is exceeded, the fish will become extinct; it is also like that no amount of abacus output can compare to a personal computer. The final solution of economic problems requires multi-dimensional scientific considerations, which cannot be explained by a single indicator, just as there is no silver bullet in this world that can solve all problems.

### Military centralization
Centralization of the military must have principles and prerequisites (?). The intention of primitive military aims to eliminate the existential threat of tribes and nations, but it is obviously out of date in the 21st century. The future development of the military aims to eliminate the existential threat of species, not to fight for interests within civilization. Unless it is invaded by species, there is no reason for the human beings to continue to initiate large-scale wars. Potential military conflicts are exposed and resolved early to prevent conflicts from deteriorating beyond control and turning into wars. A regime that can't win people's hearts only with the gun, the gun is to protect the people behind. If the carnage continues, then military is an effective means to stop crime. Military is not always the most costly option. Peace needs to be jointly maintained. In the final analysis, the military purpose of a just nature is to protect the homeland behind them. Military means should be separated from national interests, and it is more appropriate to use economic means to pursue interests. In fact, it is just that there should be no war within human beings. There can be military contests within the rules, and the purpose of military contests is to better protect the homeland. The direction of military development should not be greater lethality, which will only make the development of human civilization repeatedly wasted, but should be how to effectively and accurately eliminate the target's vital force after a military conflict starts, and at the same time reduce or even eliminate as much as possible. Non-target impact. Military-initiated expenses should be borne by military participants, not by every taxpayer without distinction.

The ideal relationships of country and country should be like people and people. If there is no conflict and hatred, we don't need weapons, and we also don't need to strengthen lethality. When the nature only exists the law of physics, the world pursues the law of the jungle, and so the animals evolve their talons and fangs. However, when the cultures and faiths descends on the land, the world pursues the law of civilizations, and so humans evolve their civilizations. The international community also should be like that. We must establish the basis of civilized rules on the bare environment between countries, then the national military will bid farewell to the law of the jungle, and the same goes for the disappearance of the endless arms race. The purpose of military is to win the opposite side, not to die out the opposite side, further not to destroy the earth.

The root cause and origin of the war is that people have gone too far obsessively after betraying love and truth. War is a cruel thing, but it is not always the worst choice. What is more terrifying than death is the loss of all hope but the deprivation of the opportunity to resist. In fact, it may be more harmful if contradictions are tolerated for a long time and not exist. The same ending also loses the precious spirit that remains. It is a better choice to resolve contradictions as soon as possible. The war was initiated to resolve greater contradictions. Few people have ever thought about what would happen if a certain war did not start. After all, a person, a country, and even a planet have the limit to bear. When they can no longer bear the contradictions, they can only survive by confronting them. Faced with the contradiction between life and death, Lu Xun's words are extremely well placed, "No more erupting in silence, just die in silence". What's more, contradictions often erupt not from subjective choice but from instinctive subconsciousness. The reason is the desire to survive that cannot be changed and should not be changed.

The original intention of the war was mostly an ideal country, survival issues, and dictatorship, but the direct reason for the escalation of the contradiction to a world war was the escalation of the contradiction that was irretrievable when it was revealed, and the overflow of envoy power without power to those who belonged to it. The decision is executed with the knowledge and consent (from an anonymous name, if known, the name should be noted). These need to be implemented and effective systems to be completely resolved. The causes of contradictions between people are usually very small, but selfish desires and prejudice can magnify these contradictions, and often even escalate this contradiction into a high-level contradiction. If the power holder recognizes this high-level contradiction, once the decision is made, it will be Cause large-scale conflicts. Just like a private scolding battle between two different nationalities, inadvertently they will be tied to each other’s country. If they are not controlled, they will be considered as an insult at the national level. In fact, they are only individuals who want to use more in order to win the scolding war. High-level concepts overwhelm each other. Both World War I and World War II are excellent examples. The conflicts of war are not at all world-level conflicts at all, but they are only amplified into world wars. The struggle for hegemony between Germany and France in World War I was the desire of the ruling class to endlessly amplify and escalate contradictions into wars. The vast majority of the people did not have the slightest right to oppose the war. The economic imbalance caused by World War II was far from being the cause of war. War did not solve the problem. It only tried to change the host country by force. The fascist dictatorship urgently broke the Versailles Washington system. The totalitarian amplified and escalated economic contradictions. Deceived and evasive of power, the tough foreign policy is only to stabilize the dissatisfied people. If the bottom people who died in the battlefield can choose again, they will definitely choose to cooperate with the people of other countries to deal with economic problems. There is an old saying in China that sums it up very well. Prosperity, the people suffer, die, and the people suffer. If the people are elected, almost no one will go to war and die.

The issue of dictatorship was evident in both the First and Second World War. The political party held state power far beyond the party’s own due, and the people were almost emptied of all power. The loss of control after the power was gathered made it possible for a few people to decide. Whether the war has started. The political party has obtained and concentrated the power that belongs to the people from the people, but the people cannot have any right to speak and make decisions about the power that belongs to them. An ideal country is also a similar problem. The ideal group obtains and concentrates the power that belongs to the people from other people, and uses this to realize their own ideals, while the dissident people do not make any decisions about the power that belongs to them. He was even forcibly tied to a hearse of war. These two points clearly explain why multi-party democracy is important. The material problem of survival should be solved in the field of economics.

So far, the biggest problem of war is that it has too much influence on irrelevant people, and every war will always affect innocent people. Secondly, there are actually many people who oppose the war but suffer from lack of power and power to stop it. In addition, trust disappeared after the all-out war broke out. An unrecognized and strong neutral party will repeatedly lose precious trust and willingness to peace. Therefore, this neutral party should come from every civilization, so that it is more trustworthy. If the impact of war can be precisely limited to conflicting groups on the physical level and does not involve others, then war is just a world of militants. The worst thing is that contradictions continue to cause conflict without restriction, and society is in a state of turmoil for a long time. If it is a contradiction between different regimes, it is only a contradiction between different political opinions. It is also acceptable to initiate a military conflict within the rules to resolve political contradictions that cannot be reconciled. If the contradiction of political demands is not escalated to a higher level, it will not escalate into a fertility war or a world war, and the war will not affect more innocent people.

The characteristic of the war to the later stage is that, in addition to the high-level survivors who continue to run through the war, too many civilians and frontline fighters will die in the war. For example, although the Emperor of Japan planned to launch World War II, he still lived unscathed after World War II. On the other hand, the soldiers and civilians on the frontline battlefields have many people who have to die for the war that they have fought for no reason at all, and even those who were born after the war have to sacrifice for it. These people have no right to choose and are artificially dragged down. Entered the fate of war.

### Create war prevention and control science
Peace requires constant contributions. If there is no one to maintain peace, then war will not be far away. Although war cannot be completely avoided, but it can be controlled and avoided. It is possible to have a more in-depth understanding of war and to resolve and limit the dangers of war. If a war breaks out after all efforts have been made, the most important thing to do is to control and reduce the impact of the war, so that the war can only occur within the scope of the conflicting groups, and the conflicts cannot be spread and spread. The principle is the same as getting sick to see a doctor. Although people cannot completely avoid getting sick, they can be treated as much as possible when they are sick. Just like heart disease will worsen or even die if it is not treated, but if it is properly treated, it is very likely to be cured. The same is true for the military. A good military system can minimize the harm of war, and even be eliminated as soon as there is a sign of it. Human beings can learn from medicine in the military. They can cure the ills brought about by war like the angels in white, and establish a war prevention and control discipline with prevention as the main and control as a supplement. There are many things that can be done here. Provide complete war warnings and notifications worldwide before and during the war; transfer over-destructive weapons to neutral organizations or destroy them before the war; take the same approach to the participating parties when the scale of the war is still controllable. The standard cut off the follow-up combat personnel, try to make the war a war of active soldiers; prevent the deterioration of the nature of the war, avoid birth wars, multi-national melee. To understand the progress brought by this vividly, it is like tuberculosis in ancient times is terminally ill, but it can be cured in modern times. Similarly, in ancient times, those in power who were willing to start war would inevitably drag the entire country into the quagmire of war, but now it can be avoided and dealt with in a targeted manner.

If the two groups are destined to be an endless situation, then there should be a consensus supervision system and war prevention and control group army to control the situation and help determine the outcome. This system was first adopted by the Soviet Union during World War II. At that time, if there was a deserter phenomenon, they would be executed by the war superintendent. Soldiers would die regardless of whether they participated in the war or flee. After winning the war, they can still fight for a ray of life. Under the supervision of the war supervision system Of soldiers will participate more actively. But the nature of the same thing depends more on the person who uses it, and we can use this system to eliminate the effects of war. The war supervision system, which is diametrically opposed to the purpose of World War II, can supervise war crimes that violate the bottom line. It no longer rejects those who desire peace, and no longer urges people to kill, but does everything for the development of peace. In this way, we can listen more clearly to the voices of the frontline soldiers and civilians, separate those who do not want to participate in the war before the launch of military activities, control contradictions only to the scope of those willing to war, protect all factors that are conducive to peace, and prevent the deterioration of contradictions. Reduce the scope of influence.

Countries can agree to draw a certain proportion of elite troops to ensure peace. The mission of this army is to defend peace before war and save war. The army has no political inclinations and is strong enough to protect the living environment and human civilization from destruction is far more important than the outcome of the war itself. To maintain order in peacetime, to defend the bottom line and rules after the war starts, and to help those who are unwilling to participate in the war and have not participated in the initiation of the war to withdraw from the war zone. This army does not occupy an inch of land in the world. The issue of garrisoning is based on voluntary negotiations and consultations by peace-loving countries, and they will be stationed after they agree. Non-world wars only adopt the defensive strategy of protecting the lives of personnel and assisting in evacuation from war-torn areas, and have no right to war; the pre-war warning is defined as world wars and world wars (the two properties here are just examples, follow-up details and optimization, The conditions for returning to the country are linked to the importance of service duties. The greater the duties, the stricter the conditions for dismissal), the personnel can decide whether to return to the country or continue to serve according to their own will; only before the outbreak of the world war is given the right to war by various countries and stays voluntarily. The military power of the United States has the complete military power to independently change its military strategy, but if it is formed into a combat military group, it will automatically give up all the names of public office in peacetime, and must separately name the wartime group army and do not enjoy any special rights, because any organization None of them can break away from the nature of the container. If the organization has privileges, it will be used; if there are no personnel left, the organization will suspend operations until the end of the war.

### Constructive military to replace war
###### Written in the front, this is an eternal relay race.
###### (Note 2) Constructive military is to construct military struggles or military engagements within the scope of military elements in a planned way. Used in the stubborn situation of ineffective political struggles, conflicts and deteriorating casualties, continued inability to persuade at this time is tantamount to condoning killings. The optimal solution is handled through political channels (cross-domain politics, political struggles, etc.). The constructive military can be regarded as an ultimatum that all political methods fail.

The military purpose is to eliminate the viable forces of the hostile forces, not to destroy the fruits of civilization. And most of the accumulation of civilization is not all political and military contributions. The root cause of the nuclear threat is also the stolen scientific fruits. To solve the risk of species extinction caused by the ever-increasing power of weapons, it is necessary to strip off non-relevant elements, build and leave only the responsible parties, necessary ordnance, and suitable areas, and the winners and losers can be determined. The applicable target is a group with strong cohesion. The national level always upholds the purpose of peace, and the disputes between the party members need to consume the private capital of the parties involved, so as to avoid the mistakes in history from repeating again. At the same time, try to make use of the additional effects of inevitable military activities, such as military supply economic routes and landform changes. This system can be called a constructive military.

The best situation of CM is that we can definitely declare the conflicts which cannot be avoided in peace. CM gets it clearly and resolve it as good as possible. However, hidden conflicts will only worsen the situation.

Why design constructive military? This needs to start from the analysis of the characteristics of collective conflicts and wars. Human beings are social animals, and individual individuals are destined to not survive the fierce competition. Therefore, it is necessary to create one after another team with excellent execution ability, or uniform thinking, or extremely strong emotions to gain an advantage in the competition. The violent conflicts between collectives are often fatal and wounded, and individuals tend to obey the team's values and do not hesitate to die even if they die. The most violent of collective conflicts is war, where military orders are like mountains, so once the war starts, it can hardly stop spontaneously. The stronger the cohesion, the more serious the consequences of losing control. This is reflected in the peaceful age as the death and injury of an individual in the collective will cause collective behavior feedback that is positively related to cohesion, and the hatred will accumulate and deepen until it is out of control; and this is reflected in the war years that no matter how many collective deaths and injuries there are, the lives will only be lost. Arouse the will to end the war negatively related to cohesion, hatred spreads more and more, people lose more and more, until they have nothing. The characteristic of the war is that after issuing the order to start the war, the high leverage ratio rapidly spread the contradictions and worsened the situation, but in the end countless lives were used to fill the war losses. Therefore, it is especially important to control the border before the situation is about to happen. CM can make a frame which separates the retained people before flames of conflict burn, it aims to avoid extremely serious problems such as genocide and endless casualties. 

This series of systematic measures used to clarify boundaries, narrow the scope of targets, reduce anticipated battle damage, and lay the necessary environment (rescue, negotiation and equipment, etc.) is the constructive military system.

Constructive military aims to resolve the endless failed diplomacy. If continue doing nothing, war will break out. There should be marpacif stage, 'marpacif' consists of etyma mar and pac, between diplomacy stage and war stage. Military is the method, pacific is the purpose. In the marpacif stage, it avoids general war and dedicates to the final peace. The logic of constructive military is to never destroy the stability global situation and is committed to maintaining peace; the logic of personnel is to select potential groups of military conflicts as early as possible. The ultimate goal is to make the system more robust to deal with military risks with a higher probability of occurrence. There is no need to continue to explore the areas that have long been agreed, and to avoid meaningless losses. If all peaceful means have been exhausted and are still ineffective, and the demand for force competition is really difficult to contain, then selecting a better intensive military leadership group in a military contest may be a good second-best choice. As long as it is not a full-scale war, then the war can be transformed into a constructive military activity within the system. When all parties willing to war have agreed and followed the rules, the military will can be considered for approval. After all non-war-related personnel have been evacuated, a military contest will be launched within a limited range of personnel, weapons, and geographic areas. The constructive military is not a military exercise, but a real martial activity, with death and injury at your own risk. Peaceful combat power with absolute superiority is reserved for war prevention and control groups not to participate in the war, because the competition does not need to have a bottom line, only the advantages and disadvantages of military capabilities need to be distinguished. Compared with war, there are several points of progress.

1.) Positive-Sum Competition. There is only unilateral winner in the war, but there can be both winners in the constructive military at the same time. In the war stage, human beings only have logics of nature character and inner group rules. In the marpacif stage, most rules of civilization exist. Between evasion and war there must be a tough method that can wash away all injustice with blood. Between evasion and war there must be freedom to defend faith with life. The result of algate evasion is to become a dog of bereaved family. Things that are more important than life can only be voted by life, otherwise it is just barbaric plunder. It is positive-sum game only when faith is determined by life.

2.) Established military direction. General military target and excepted result have been set when the military action happened. The overall situation will not digress from the subject, but the local situation can strive for better. Solders fight for the same general military target, also for their people. Keep the military frame, the general military direction will not change. When the target has been finished, it is pre-requisite to reduce the casualties and return politics with the least delay possible. So, the war escalation can be eradicated completely. All military groups reach a consensus and agree on the scope of military elements (battlefield, weapon types, personnel, etc.) in order to prevent war escalation. The military elements of war cannot be controlled and the war situation cannot be spread. Avoid and escalate the nature of war. Another aspect of the military escalation is the extreme lack of trust, and the continuous increase in the war situation amidst suspicion and hatred. After a full-scale war starts, no one can be trusted. The trust that determines life and death can only be established under the condition of walking on thin ice. The actual situation is that the military cost of annihilating the enemy is smaller than that of making peace in a fight, because the final result of making peace is often It is based on the fact that the majority of the soldiers died in the early days, and even the casualties of the subsequent conscription exceeded several times the number of soldiers in the early days of the war; in the military incidents in the past, there were even more ruptures and deteriorations in the relationship caused by trust fraud, and there was no shortage of reconciliation as bait. , When the return is large enough, the treaty is torn up to obtain military benefits. This makes the fragile trust eventually lost in the repeated tearing, which directly leads to the escalation and deterioration of the nature of the war. In the context of military centralization, there are still people who can be trusted and entrusted after the war begins. If you want to sign a clause, you need to deliver the promised equivalent contract cost to a neutral war supervising organization. The party who tears up the treaty will ruin this part of the price, and if you keep the promise, you can get back this part of the price regardless of victory or defeat. However, for events with military consequences beyond the scope of the contract, it will not be reached. Useless clauses will only have a negative effect. Breaking all illusions can actually reduce losses. If they exceed the scope, they still insist on going to war as an annihilation of the combatants.

3.) To clarify the impact of the decision in advance. Bringing the impact of decision-making to the bright side can give participants a decision-making buffer period to eliminate decision-making ambiguity and emotional decision-making (emotional decision-making not only refers to the emotion of the decision-maker, but also the decision induced by the transmission of emotions from the bottom to the leadership) and prevent benefits The group has a fluke mentality for the decision made. After the decision is made, it will be judged and estimated consequences. The participants are prepared in advance, and the multi-party reaches a consensus and confirms that it is correct to start the battle. If the family members of the participating parties are underage, they also need to sign, and they can re-sign their position after they reach adulthood.

4.) Stop the arms race and observe the original intention of the arms race from the perspective of military factors. It can be found that military factors are basically uncontrollable after the start of the war. No matter how many weapons there are, they are still chips on the gaming table. Increasing limit of military capability is just to ensure national security. However, if it is constructive military, no matter how many weapons you have, you can only use weapons within a limited range. So, the source of the arms race between countries will be cut off.

5.) Reduce military losses. You can set a leverage ratio in the formation of a constructive military activity. Except for the forces that really want to participate in the war, other parties do not care about who wins and who wins. You can add the groups that do not want to participate in the war as leverage, and merge them as the winner after the end. The war can only be achieved 1-1, and every victory in a city will bring military disasters to the city.

6.) Eliminate the problem of the transmission of hatred between generations. The constructive military activity will start after all participants reach a consensus. The immediate family members will be notified of the risks in advance and they need to sign (risk of war death, compliance with pre-war commitments). If family members do not agree, participants will not be allowed to entry. At the end of the war, as long as the defeated party does not admit defeat in writing, the problem of children's hatred will inevitably arise.

7.) The disaster education of war. The consequences of previous war will be whitewashed by the new rulers for maintaining stability. People often cannot see the unmodified truth of the war, but the constructive military will not be that. It is foreseeable that even if the damages of constructive military activity is extremely reduced, the clash result will inevitably suffer heavy casualties. So that people can easily empathize with the war disasters that have been magnified by the war situation, and remind people to cherish peace.

8.) Promote the economic development of stagnant regions. The dead city is inherently sparsely populated. If there is no tilt of external resources, it is almost destined to be a hundred years of silence. While the constructive military satisfies the strong demands of the two parties, and at the same time, it can also allow a huge interest and strong viewing. One action with multi benefits.


If the construction of a region has no security impact on neighboring countries and regions, it must meet the External Neutrality Principle, that is, no matter what the situation of the war, it will always maintain zero national security threats to non-participating countries, such as the construction of domestic military buffer zones, or even the written law of not stationing troops.

The judgment of victory is divided into arbitration and victory. After defining the outcome of the arbitration, it is usually academically believed that there are no more variables in the outcome of the arbitration, an overall report will be made, and the participants who have gone on strike will be accepted. If all accept this result, then the neutral organization will enter the field to rescue the wounded and deal with the aftermath; if the arbitration is not accepted, then all the remaining personnel on one side will have to die.

When the principle is not broken, the system will eliminate unnecessary interference, because it is unfair no matter which side it is inclined to, and because the death of the person who provoked the military conflict in the military conflict is the logical ending. Our lesson in the past is to be too harsh on those who do good, but too kind to those who do evil. This is not to exterminate, but to not hinder the due punishment of self-seeking. More importantly, as long as the situation is controllable, regardless of the outcome, the peace-loving forces can grow stronger. The meddlers just use their own blood and bones to consolidate the foundation of civilization. Peace and truth will grow greater and more holy after the bloody rains. This system will always extend the olive branch of peace to the participating parties and help record the results of written commitments in official history. But the result is not necessarily victory or defeat. Peace is more important than victory. Even if the two parties who have already had a grievance, if there is a civil will to reconcile, they should protect these people. Sooner or later, in a good environment, the emotions of these people will grow into friendships that transcend honor and disgrace, and they will meet each other with a smile.

If a military conflict finally occurs, then the harm caused by the military will be eliminated and the military cost will be reduced. Try to save the situation like a doctor treats a patient, but to achieve 100 points of an angel in white every time can only be said to do his best, because it is impossible to be perfect every time. In a soil where vicious incidents such as killing doctors are frequent, doctors need the protection of soldiers and politicians, and perfect benevolence is enough for doctors. Although wartime deaths and injuries are unavoidable, with the help of strong external forces developing in a good direction, you can avoid irrational bottom-line decision-making, prevent the deterioration of the nature of war, etc., shorten the time of war, thereby reducing the impact and cost of war; if the relationship between the two countries deteriorates When it comes to tolerating contradictions that will shed more blood and kill more people than launching a military, letting go of the situation is more harmful than starting a war. If you have tried your best to resolve the ineffectiveness, then help to determine the winner as soon as possible within the rules, otherwise the casualties will be caused. The killing will continue; if they are willing to reconcile each other or do not care about victory or defeat, then there is hope to guide the resolution of conflicts. This is a Pareto improvement.

As an easy-to-understand analogy, if there are 10 people in total, 3 people will fight. Then the first thing that 7 people should do after persuading no results is to take hard measures to try not to affect other people, limit the weapons used by these 3 people, instead of the rest of the people to pull the side of the frame, otherwise the result will often evolve into 10-man melee. It is like announcing and clearing the arena before the arena competition, evacuation of irrelevant people, etc. Contestants are only allowed to use limited weapons. The purpose of picking weapons is to win the competition in an upright manner. The contestants are only allowed to play against the people in the ring, and the audience under the ring is not allowed to touch. The slaughter of incompetent civilians by force is contemptible. Relying on the slaughter of non-combat personnel to gain majesty is no different from slaughtering poultry by showing off. Bullying is weak and cruel but disapproving. The more people, women and children killed, the more incompetent it is. This is because the guinea pig's skills are too poor to control the talents. Wu is for the purpose of stabilizing the timing. It is a last resort to choose an iron fist to win opponents of the same level, not for the indiscriminate killing of innocents and ruining the achievements of civilization. Martial ethics is a prerequisite, without martial ethics, there is no way to talk about martial arts. When martial arts were lacking, it was actually just those people with little boys who didn't know good and evil living in their hearts who took the crystallization of thinkers and the achievements of the working people to destroy them everywhere. To be precise, it was a kind of more destructive violence.

Do our utmost to advance in the consensus and strive for a solution in peace. Even if the system is completed, it is hoped that it will not be used. After all, the best choice is peace.

### Constructive military area
The regions are mainly divided into areas suitable for development, areas of economic decline, desolate areas, and areas of military turmoil. The life cycle of the selected area is suitable for development -> economic stagnation -> abandonment -> military use -> redevelopment. Periodically select salvable economic stagnant, declining areas and near-desolate areas, and allocate materials from incurable areas to economically declining areas that can be transformed. If there is no war poisoning, the current period will be abolished.

Select the deserted areas (urban agglomerations) that have reached the end of their life cycle. It is necessary for the participating parties to fund the purchase of the area and resettlement of the migrants. By observing history, it is not difficult to find that the cycle of the rise and fall of cities in the past 100 years is surprisingly consistent with the cycle of war. The abandoned area is already inaccessible, so the buildings that originally needed to be demolished and blasted can be destroyed naturally, and deliberate tearing down and reconstruction requires a lot of manpower and material resources. But as a military contest occasion, it will be different. With the changes in the landforms of normal fighting, the original buildings are completely destroyed, and at the same time, changes have been injected into the area. At the same time, military activities require logistical supplies, and the economic routes brought about by the transportation of related materials can be converted to civilian use after the war. As long as the weapons used are not radioactive and toxic, they can make the best use of them. After the war, the economy can be developed, and the fallen cities will usher in a turning point in development. At this time, it is destruction and rebirth.

For regions that have been in military turmoil, peaceful channels will always be established to accept the strike. If it is an innocent group, it will be accepted unconditionally; if it is a military group that is unwilling to continue the war halfway, it can be accepted after multiple parties have agreed and negotiated compensation. The greater the damage throughout the incident, the higher the compensation amount. The logic is when an avalanche comes, there are no innocent snowflakes.

### Optimized the rules of Military
Military requires clearer rules, and the people should have the right to know the truth about the military. The military early warning mechanism stifles undeclared wars, clarifies military intentions as early as possible, so that people have ample time to evacuate the conflict areas, and guide and resolve military motives as much as possible. Define and announce the nature and extent of the military, rigidly limit the scope of weapons, implement rules to make the impact controllable, set hard boundaries to prevent further aggravation of the impact, and prevent the slippery fish that provoked war from not participating in the war and continuing to create contradictions in society. The least influential theater selection, clear theater non-proliferation, prohibit the killing of non-participants, prohibit forced conscription, prohibit fertility wars (newborns are innocent), and make information transparent. Neutral Rescue Human Rights Organization, Neutral Rescue to reduce the occurrence of traitors, and to take humanitarian assistance to people who want to evacuate.

The shortcomings of the current military system in the world will be transformed into a violation of human rights. A system with a too low fault tolerance rate requires constant violations of human rights to ensure that the will to war will not become a reality of war. Relying on this is extremely unwise, which is equivalent to increasing the probability that errors will occur only when the system is reasonable and neglected to make mistakes to the probability that people will make mistakes when they have wrong thoughts. A reasonable system should be based on the worst expectations. After the power is split and planned properly, even if the leader wants to fight a war, as long as democracy does not pass, the war cannot be launched. The existing irrational system is to bet all the bargaining chips on the leaders of the leadership team, which depends entirely on individual morality. Once morality involves issues such as life and death, groups, and power transfer, the system is far less reliable. The ever-increasing destructive power of weapons of mass destruction has made this problem life-or-death, and the solution of the problem must require the complete realization of a democracy with practical effects in nuclear-armed countries. Prior to this, the realization of democracy could only be promoted at the expense of harming the human rights of a small number of politicians. This shows that the mainstream countries in the world are determined to maintain peace. So what democracy can change is that even if the will to war is open and conclusive, it cannot initiate war at will, because in a democratic system, the issue of war requires all legitimate voters to vote in a formal setting with legal effect before being authorized; or not launching a war meeting. Cause more serious harm, such as genocide, aggression and massacre. These situations will be futile even if they are strongly discouraged in public and formal occasions in the world, and any system is useless. War is not a matter of the leadership team. The government built weapons with taxpayers' money. It is unscientific to start war without asking taxpayers if they want it (democracy is the cornerstone). As for nuclear weapons, Einstein certainly did not want his mass-energy equation to be used to kill the same kind, so he should use it where it should be used according to his wishes, such as intercepting planets, and this option should not be available in the military. The quick solution to war can be replaced by a more precise military system, and the effect will only be much more effective than nuclear deterrence. In past wars, high-level officials were always dictatorial, "literati" were responsible for instigating dissension, shirk all responsibilities to hostile forces. The great **ism needs to sacrifice front-line soldiers and civilians to commemorate, and the evil **ism still need to be buried with the bones of the people. The leadership can't hear the wailing of the people at the bottom of the cannon fodder. Please don't say the words of king and duke, only one will succeed by losing count of bloods and tears.
        
The cause, course, and results of past wars are often whitewashed by the regime and can't be seen from the original state. The real culprit is at ease, and innocent people suffer for it. Human rights are superior to sovereignty. The world should avoid another tragedy. A just country should reach a consensus to record and report the war information impartially and without tampering. Churchill said that the lie went half a circle around the earth, but the truth was not properly dressed. The same rhetoric can be used in lies, so why can't the truth be? Facing the truth directly is obviously much better than choosing a lie in the result, because a lie will not give people any hope from the moment of hearing until death. People can only be in the illusion of immorality at the cost of the sacrifice of a loved one. die. Precious things passed away in deceit and inexplicably, but blamed their own cowardice on the world's ruthlessness. You must know that this poor illusion is the dedication and memory of your loved ones. As long as the truth is stated appropriately, it will not only make people resist, but will also make people admire more. Just like Dad and Dead in English, father and death are similar pronunciations. When the father is there, most of the deaths will be blocked for the children. The father is gone, so it is time for the children to face the death problems. These two extremely simple English words will only make people feel deep love when telling the cruel truth, and people know how to cherish them. Lies will not only reduce pain, but will also make people hate their incompetence at the end of their lives. And facing the truth directly can at least make people live with a clear conscience. So I just want to get rid of the disguise of the lie, and quickly pick up the truth and let it travel around the world as soon as possible. The truth is dressed up, it will only be more beautiful than a lie.

Throughout history, if one or more parties ignoring the demands of others and wantonly breaking the rules, the elusive peace talks will bring more serious harm to the community of destiny of one party, and the clarion call of war will often have to be sounded (Opium War, etc.). All the conceived measures are basically to reduce the sibling warfare for human beings, to avoid unnecessary sacrifices caused by cannibalism, and to prevent more harm to nature. From life to this world, everything is a gift of nature. Under the current technological conditions, if we change to a planet, mankind will inevitably become extinct. In connection with the guilty of being born in the Bible (referring to the original sin, not the sin caused by oneself), as long as you don’t read it bookishly, you will unconsciously marvel at it when you think about it. Religion is not the same as feudal superstition. Unfounded arbitrariness is. Otherwise, Theodor von Carmen, who created the world's aerospace industry, would not think that science and religion are so unified. Different subject branches explain the real world from different angles and focus points. Perhaps all branches may overlap after they have developed to a certain extent. Comparing the length of time the earth and humans existed, you will know that religion is as meaningful to humans as cartoons to children. Adults teaching children cannot be taught as they are. They can only be abstracted to the extreme so that children can easily understand. Religion is similar. Only unwise people would think that there is no advanced civilization in the universe, and human beings who are still unable to get out of the solar system are like being in the cradle. The development of the military should be just like the Matthew effect described in the Bible. After the formation of an intensive alliance, the stronger the stronger the distribution, and the relative stability and balance among the forces will be maintained. The world provides a viable path to peaceful development in a diversified context. Weak countries must develop peacefully if they want to grow stronger. When their strength reaches a certain level, they will replace their original forces with an institutional approach, and violent revolutions will face scaled-up development. The military system has fallen into a tiger's mouth. Of course, all of this must be done while the system is still functioning well. If it is just a cage of exploitation, it is natural to break it without hesitation. When a country has a strong and indivisible military alliance system guarantee, it does not have to worry about the arms race, and the distribution of the world's military power will become simple because of this, and the complexity of the situation can be reduced as much as possible, which can effectively reduce the misjudgment of threats. Probability. All the measures are to reduce the security threats between countries. When the security threats to the country are close to zero, all the reasons for the legitimate arms race are lost. In past wars, to a large extent, the rich and powerful took the blood and sacrifices of the people to satisfy the demands of the power groups. It was not because the people recognized their political ideas and spontaneously participated in the war, but because the people had to succumb to power. The fundamental way to completely resolve unnecessary wars is to make the army only fight for the survival of the people, and no longer fight for the interests of the country. The worst result of negotiating interests is that there are no benefits, and the interests should only be carried out at the negotiating table. The best result of a non-crushing war is to lose all the benefits and barely survive. Before the start of the war, all the information and decisions that trigger the war are shared and open. The people have the right to make decisions and the right to know. This rule must be strictly followed. , Or just empty text. In today’s world, the power of scientific progress far exceeds the sum of the military power of all countries, and all cutting-edge weapons and equipment are developed by squeezing scientific and technological achievements. If the bullets fired from the barrel are not to protect the homeland and defend the peace, Soldiers will no longer be respectable.
        
Clear rules to prohibit arms bans, make arms transparent, and make clear and unambiguous provisions on the conditions for possessing nuclear weapons (for example, the legal possession of nuclear weapons can be legally established after entering the permanent residence, and the responsibility for establishing nuclear weapons should be undertaken such as intercepting asteroid collisions. , And banning nuclear weapons as a weapon of war. Nuclear energy is not at fault, just like electricity. Just imagine if Tesla develops alternating current as a killing weapon, the world will not develop so prosperously), set up quantifiable scientific indicators to Define necessary defense expenditures. In view of the foreseeable military frictions and territorial sovereignty frictions, the least costly rule definitions are adopted. If these rules can be recognized by all countries, then the risk of worldwide war can be reduced. (To be updated)

##### CM(Constructive Military) Application Scenarios
1） CM can be used to forecast the potential war conflicts between countries or areas. Before military conflicts happen, we can build military frames to control influences of contradictions. The logic is to guard against the worst and strive for the best. The system will notify the military risks level by level. When the risk level is higher than the warning line, participants must transfer Weapon of Mass Destruction(WMD) to Neutral Supervisory Party(NSP). To ensure the certainty, NSP give equal frozen capitals to the WMD owner. The frozen capital will unfreeze only when WMD is returned. After the conflict ends, the WMD owner returns the unfrozen capitals and pay the freight charge, and NSP returns WMD to the owner at the same time.

2） Vest-pocket CM can be used to resolve the gun conflicts which are caused by inundated guns. The vest-pocket CM system registers and manages the armed personnel and heavy weapon communities, and forecasts the potential conflicts of them.

##### CM(Constructive Military) Architecture
1） Point-Line-Area.
2） Progressive Area.
3) 
4) 

### Non-armed military activities
Separating out incidents that use the guise of democratic struggles but actually target killings will help ordinary people distinguish and avoid them. This can also be understood as an unconventional and flexible military activity, usually involving personnel fighting without weapons. The essential difference from democratic struggles and political struggles lies in the goal of killing vital forces. Under normal circumstances, there are several reasons for the initiation: extremely serious political struggles continue deteriorating, endless conflicts of fundamental interests but not suitable for war.

### Power and rights
When talking about politics, it is hard not to talk about power and rights. No matter what political propositions are, they exercise the power and rights conferred by the people.
The current interpretation of power is: a special influence between people is the ability of some people to cause desired and predetermined influence on other people, or the behavior of one or many people makes another person or others A relationship in which the behavior of many people has changed. Meaning: the ability or potential of a particular event. (Source Baidu)
This article takes another view of power: power is the force that objects in nature have objectively and are subject to subjective control to exert expected influence on other objects. The simple explanation is that, whether others are willing or not, this influence and ability are objectively possessed by organizations and individuals, and subjective wishes play a decisive role in promoting. For example, take the right to speak, no matter whether the social law recognizes it or not, anyone can express opinions, but the influence of this right to speak can vary greatly. For example, the influence of the disadvantaged groups is often ignored but still remains. exist.
Rights: generally refers to a power that is given by the law to a person to realize his or her interests. (Source Baidu)
The views on rights in this article are consistent with mainstream views.
Analyze the composition of power from another perspective, re-organize the sources and characteristics of power owned by organizations and individuals, divide power into ontological power and proxy power according to attribution, and divide power into effect power, carrier power, and qualitative power according to characteristics Power, guiding power, except for ontological power are all derived powers. Ontological power refers to the power possessed by oneself, proxy power refers to the power exercised in place of the entrusting party, effect power refers to the power that produces additional effects after being scaled, organized, or superimposed on each other, and carrier power refers to the carrier possessing Control the channels through which other objects obtain rights and release power. Qualitative power refers to the power to define the nature of ideas and events, and guiding power refers to the power to guide things including but not limited to behaviors and relationships. Use this to divide power and try to explain some phenomena preliminarily. Why is it democratic, because the government has more agency power and other derivative powers; why should it supervise public power, because the effect of large-scale agency power is far greater than the power of any individual. When facing public power, They are all extremely small. If there is no supervision, it will become the crushing of citizens by those in power; why should punish power rent-seeking, because officials use the power of envoys granted by the people for office work as their own power, and regard it as the power of the people. In turn, the power of the government is used to harm the people; why the government should truthfully answer questions from the media, because the government has the carrier power, and citizens cannot know whether their legitimate rights and interests have been unfairly dealt with in a certain link; why should the people in power be kind, because When the regime has qualitative power, if the qualitative determination of things is irrespective of right and wrong, evil is regarded as good deeds and society will be in chaos. This inverted concept of black and white will have a profound impact on future generations. Zhao Gao in the history refers to a stalemate. This is an example. The inhumane and deformed moral constraints that women are subjected to (foot-wrapping, vaginal marriage, virginity requirements, etc.) are an example, etc.; why the government should implement good governance, because the implementation of non-compulsory policies is almost equivalent to exercising the power of guidance. It is better not to publish a policy to guide a bad direction; why the naming of theoretical results should be objectively expressed and not in personal name, because the right to characterize things in personal name is completely in private hands, and it is extremely easy to be used by nepotism, as long as the name is removed Just master the black and white of a matter, and the qualitative power of the objectively stated theory naming depends on the nature of the matter itself.

The nature of the power organization, the nature of the party, and the more appropriate organizational form

### Anatomy of Political Struggle
When we talk about struggle in politics, we inevitably think of cruelty. But there is a question, what will happen if this is not the case? In many cases, politics is very close to the military. In order to achieve the demands, political means are a better choice than military means. If some important struggles fail, it means that wars may be launched to fulfill the demands. In fact, there are many different types of struggle, and the degree of importance is also different. This aspect is actually not recognized by people, and even the authorities in the struggle don't know what it means. They mistake the issues related to the survival of the population as private grievances, so that they die without knowing the danger. Therefore, defining the nature and extent of the struggle before the start of the struggle, and publicizing and guiding personnel can effectively reduce unnecessary casualties and unnecessary misunderstandings. But it needs to be explained that the original intention of the struggle at any level is to save as many people as possible. The casualties in the struggle for survival are because it is inevitable and cannot save lives, not for the purpose of killing vital forces. Otherwise, it belongs to the category of military activities, which is a practice of abandoning human rights. If the winner has been divided, isolation can completely avoid meaningless casualties.
The nature of political struggle includes political opinion struggle, power struggle, and both. Political opinion struggle is a contest of political opinions. In the final analysis, it is an academic issue. Academics should only allow the truth to win. Therefore, political struggle should not involve life and power. If those in power care more about the situation, teammates, or power, they can always use the one that wins. Viewpoint: Power struggle is a contest for the control of an organization, institution, or country. The greater the power, the closer to life and death. The level of struggle can be classified in descending order: survival level, people's livelihood level, group level, individual, etc. Survival-level struggles are related to the survival of the nation and the country. Therefore, there may be sacrifices. Only survival-level struggles can talk about life. Fighting on the battlefield is to save more lives, otherwise it is meaningless. Cannibalism; struggles at the people's livelihood level are related to people's livelihoods and welfare, and involve the common interests and well-being of the public. When the benefits are large, they should be handled with care and precautions in advance, but in any case they should not hurt the lives of others; group levels Struggle is the development direction or interest struggle within the team and the organization; individual interest only concerns the individual and usually does not affect others without problems.
In fact, the political struggles discussed in the past are both mixed and mixed together, so it will cause a lot of misunderstandings and cause a lot of unnecessary sacrifices. The personnel involved in the struggle do not know the specific situation and the extent to which they should stop. Excessive flow is equivalent to the itching of the boots. It has no practical effect. They often all start the struggle with the worst expectations and the worst degree, and the result is caused. The cruel darkness of the power field. A clear explanation of the political struggle can minimize the cost of the struggle. It is like seeing a construction warning sign to know that the road ahead is a high-risk construction section, and people will walk around, but if you don’t know it, you can’t avoid it at all. If we can pre-qualify and announce this in the future, and announce the extent, nature, and scope of the conflict to the people before the conflict has occurred, then unnecessary casualties can be eliminated. Aside from academics, there is not much difference between politicians and soldiers involved in the struggle for survival. The difference is that they don’t have guns in their hands, as things should have been. But people knew in advance that this was likely to cause casualties, and even if people were killed in the line of duty, they would be treated as heroes instead of using whitewashing methods to distort, discredit or conceal the facts. In fact, the number of survival-level struggles is actually very small. If these are distinguished, all struggles will not be so tragic. The vast majority of struggles can stay within the scope of etiquette, and there will be no unclear frustration. To learn to walk, the ability to kill all the people with a brain will be gone from now on because of the scouring of the long river of history. On the other hand, it is possible to separate events that are only political struggles. If there is no need for people to do too many responsibilities, separating the political struggles in the academic field from the power struggles that touch on interests can reduce contradictions. Otherwise, It is easy to misjudge each other, adding to the risk that can be avoided.

### Political characteristics
The root of the unity of the people of a country is that the nation originates from the congenial nature of the people, and the culture is its external manifestation. Once a country is formed, if there are no serious fundamental conflicts, the cost of non-spontaneous changes in territories and systems is extremely high (spontaneous changes such as the establishment of the Soviet Union and the European Union, non-spontaneous such as colonial invasions), and it is by no means just economic The most important factor is the ideology, cultural imprint, and national dignity of the continuous new population in the region. For the same reason, in addition to the material destruction brought about by war, the root cause of war is the hatred and hostility of generations after generations. This causes extremely difficult contradictions, and the contradictions deepen the vicious circle of hatred. The wrong decision-making of the author is more likely to lead to heinous crimes such as genocide, completely deviating from the fundamental way of human civilization and prosperity.
The state is a political unit, and it is the inevitable result of human beings seeking strong and effective survival and in-depth cooperation. The scattered people can only become delicacies in the face of wild beasts, and they can be raised as poultry in the face of wild beasts in a group; a person can only become an ape in the face of the wasteland, but can turn the wasteland into a home after forming a country. Comparing a country to a person with a slight bias, human rights are like the head and sovereignty like siblings. The reason is simple. No one wants to be a disabled person when his life is safe. As long as it is not for brutal politics to the people, the world will hardly interfere in the sovereignty of a country. It has always been used to describe a country’s kinsmen with hand-footed compatriots, and even if there is no human rights, there will be revolutions within a country with complete sovereignty. It is only natural and righteous that Zhou Jie innocent and righteous men will rise up, and Wu Wang has already become a term of justice. The country is to make the people in this political unit live better, not to crush other political units. A country that cannot treat its citizens well will lose the original intention of the country. A question that goes along is also easy to explain. There has never been a real empire in this world. The inside of the empire is fragile and the outside is isolated. The empire is basically to use the sacrifice of its own people in exchange for the humiliation of other countries. History All empires in China are one-time fragile pedals for the next empire, just as the famous saying that imperialism is a paper tiger. There is existential unity that does not take the form of a political unit in the world all the time. If these united existences form a substantial political organization, they will bloom like a summer flower and then inevitably wither. Only if the political unit is not formed can it be eternal. The spiritual paradise of Christian believers in the Middle Ages can be said to be the communist revolutionary front that swept the world in the nineteenth century, and the anti-fascist humanitarianism state in the twentieth century can be said to be, all of which have been designated in history as transcending national borders and detached from race. eternal.
The world needs an eternal monument in human history, which at least means that mankind has never abandoned the courage to move forward. All our income today is based on the countless bones under these monuments, not born out of thin air. The order of the world may be dusty and may decline, but it will never be allowed to decay. It is precisely because these monuments make people remember their origins and see where they are going. If they are lost, they must be a new vitality and superior order. Promoting the advancement of human civilization again and again.

### Political Logic
Political logic is leading essential, then conforming to morality. Essential refers to the essence and law of a series of abstract life beginning and ending changes, such as the way of survival and the way of development. The behavioral logic of politics is to settle things properly with the least possible cost. This logic also explains why politicians are full of lies in an environment where promises are not held accountable and not fulfilled, because in this way they can almost achieve their goals without paying any substantial benefits, and the cost of lying is much smaller than the cost of doing things. But the road of lies is destined to not go far, especially today when this world of credit is gradually established. The groups that can really go far will always be governed by virtue. The moral logic of ethics in politics is based on social influence as the fundamental decision-making basis, and the people's well-being is governed as the adjustment rope. Generally, it is impossible to solve problems with the Buddhist supreme virtues of emptiness. Morality in politics is usually used as an effective means to guide the direction of social development, and it can also be understood as a model that most people can reach under normal circumstances. The ignorant pursuit of high morals will counterproductively cause people to lose their lives, just as when the poor are half-dead from hunger, what they need the most is not an immortal who has lived all the year round, but what they need is people who can understand their hunger, and even better, they are brought to them by the same hunger. Hope and food. Therefore, in politics, common secular methods are often used to optimally solve problems. In the secular world, it is obviously more direct and effective to use secular means. The purpose of politics is not power. The politicians who are enslaved by power are not engaged in politics, but the logic of the puppet after the desire has crushed the soul. The politicians are puppets manipulated by the thread of uncontrollable desire. Politicians’ view of power should not be rotten. In fact, no matter how great a politician has exhausted their efforts, they cannot escape the proposition of how to transfer power smoothly. Because the result of politics is not a victory or defeat, if you have to say you win, you will only be considered a win if you can continue to turn around forever. Looking at it this way, it is not worth wasting to spend energy on the intrigue of power struggle, the fundamental starting point of intrigue is vanity. Public power for personal gain, power and irresponsibility are far inferior to vanity fairs. It is the reputation and additional effects of official positions that make people greedy. Power that does not benefit the people is a tool that is misused or displayed, and it is even more shameful that it does not display its value when it is contended for power. In a democratic environment, as long as politicians conform to the interests of the target group, the power of that group will naturally be handed over to the most valuable people. One direction of the progress of political science in history is to make the social environment as fair as possible, to allow more people to establish a good view of power from top to bottom, to allow the regime to exert its value as much as possible, and to make power as much as possible to replace the price with less, as much as possible. It may be possible for talents to have a stage to display their talents. This is also mostly consistent with the intent of democracy.
The core competition in politics has never been a power struggle. Power struggles can only be exchanged for living space. The existing problems will not disappear after the struggle is over. Quandou is originally a zero-sum logic game, and it often falls into a negative-sum game most of the time when it actually happens. Instead of participating in a power struggle that caused plain and unnecessary casualties, it is better to resolve the power struggle and make more friends who survived the conflict. Political cooperation within the rules of civilization is positive, such as democracy. Political vision is fundamental, power and war are just derived branches, but there are many people who misunderstand politics upside down. Politics itself does not possess power. After political opinions have been universally recognized, the people have given party powers. In the final analysis, politics is the human mind. Just like science, economy, military, art, religion and other fields, it only projects a part of the human mind. All the branches of human civilization together constitute a complete human society. No field can grow on its own, just as no field can solve all the problems of human society. Politics is also not a panacea. It is not politics but deception that can solve all problems. Don't take over all problems when you encounter problems that are beyond your ability. You should communicate and discuss frankly and discuss solutions with other fields and countries. Science reflects people’s pursuit of truth, trust, and control of the future. Economy is the expectation of healthy competition, win-win, and harmony. Military is the weaving of survival security and collective emotions. Art is the integration of spirit and life. Religion It is more spiritual sustenance and tracing, and politics is the engine of human society's entropy reduction. It is also like a needle thread and a compass, projecting people's attachment to the same kind and the shelter of home.
Politics with logical errors will make politicians more like bandits who exercise the logic of robbers. Not being an official is an extremely absurd and typical concept, which makes the public's impression of politics generally bad.
The way and method of maintaining the unity of people in politics will eventually return to the philosophical proposition that guides the meaning of life. The proposition also has a very valuable and feasible vision that can withstand scrutiny, rather than a one-sided and single proposition. This is the back of the heart and the way back in life. Countries with religious beliefs such as Christ are at an opportunity for a millennium to integrate scientific and religious views into the core of civilization. The Eastern world is in an era where ancient civilizations and modern civilizations are blended and reborn. Such as freedom, under the condition that the world order is maintained in order, break free from all the shackles that do not need to exist for the individual, and be grateful and appreciate the gift of the world according to one's own will; such as blood and geography, the national complex that is often said is a kind of blood relationship. People with family and country feelings are nostalgic for the sense of belonging given by the land where they are born. The blood flowing through them and the land of birth are facts that cannot be changed in a lifetime; like the love of men and women, love can be regarded as the highest pursuit in life. A regime that can defend people’s love from being tainted must also have strong enough competitiveness; for example, civilization, people with civilized beliefs are attached to the spiritual sustenance given by culture and religion. Even if there is a non-fundamental contradiction, as long as it is a soul who is pursuing the same meaning in life, these contradictions are not enough. Even if they are unfamiliar, they can give the greatest principled support.
The three ultimate questions of philosophy. Politics can clearly resolve "who am I" and "where am I from", provide guidance on the meaning of life and an environment of tolerance and freedom, and support and help people as much as possible to realize "where am I going" . The country is a warm home and a solid backing for people, providing good living conditions for the people.
The uniqueness of the discipline is different from other disciplines. Even if the causal relationship is extremely clear, the materials and practical results are not easy to obtain. Experiments can be done repeatedly, but human life is only once, and it is impossible to use it for repeated verification. History and society Events and other data need to be properly preserved, which explains that other things can still be regarded as success after 999 failures, while one failure after 999 successes in this discipline may still be regarded as failure.
The lies of politicians are very similar to false advertisements of businessmen, one for political gain and the other to increase profits. The long-term development of a regime with weak credibility will essentially evolve into military power and capital operation. The only support for politicians to continue to retain power is military strength and interest binding. The false elements will be compressed by several main factors, competition among forces, personnel flow, and information exchange. As the main factors become sufficient, if the lies of the politicians remain unchanged, the truth and rumors will be independent of public media propaganda, spread through various light and dark information channels, and the public will pay more attention to the actual benefits. When the corruption is not serious , The attitude towards politicians will be in a state of watching fire from the shore.
Counting down the historical cases where the credibility of the regime has declined, the results have been relatively disastrous. This is exactly the point. No matter where the capital is in the hands of the power group, officials without good and evil views and moral values will eventually become materialized puppet tools. Even emperors with many powers in the feudal era cannot escape this fixed number. The people will be more trusting in currency that has no vitality, and everything can be weighed by the "jin". The foundation of public power is credibility. A regime without credibility is just a social organization, just an organization with empty armed forces. A regime composed of interest binding has no centripetal force and cohesion. Only a regime that knows right and wrong and seeks the livelihood of the people will have vitality, and supporters will be able to touch the hope and the future.
The political system of civic-elite collaboration is more worthy of being praised. The civic and elite here are not rigid words but substance. Absolute citizenship makes the country lose its true equality. It is a formalistic equality that forces equality for the sake of equality. For example, the rich often need to pretend to be poor to avoid hatred; the complete elite system tends to form a bureaucratic style and does not know the world. I don’t understand the suffering of sentient beings, such as the feudal imperial power system. Only by working together like fish and water can a country function well and keep the channels for social ascension unimpeded. Good ministers do their best, ordinary people do what they say, everyone can use their talents, and everyone has the opportunity to get in touch. The content of each other's work and life, and mutual understanding and tolerance are non-performing. The future social development trend of the world is a holographic society and a zero-waste society. The concept of a holographic society is inspired by the society of acquaintances. The absolute ideal zero can never be reached, but desires and actions depend on this aspect.
Most populism has several serious problems. First, public interests are basically ignored, and absolute equality needs to be deliberately emphasized, while objective differences are ignored. As the free public dividends are gradually eroded away, the public loses zero. Cost benefits and therefore make the contradictions between them stand out. Typical cases include environmental pollution, ill-intentioned commodities, ignorance of intellectual property rights, shooting incidents, etc. After a public crisis, the government needs more finances to solve the problems, and the finances originally come from the taxation of the people. The people themselves bear the burden; the second is that the country needs a symbolic content to replace the content of great substantive value to maintain the people's heart. For example, believe in a certain doctrine to maintain the unity of the people's heart, but the fixed symbol does not take into account the rapidly changing world situation. It is prone to a capability trap (there is no such thing as a silver bullet that can be used as a silver bullet to solve everything with just one concept). To maintain the stability of the regime, there is no guarantee that the bottom line will not be breached and the country will pay unnecessary costs. It is far better than a system that recognizes people as the core element. ; Third, the ruling power is easily transformed into a form of sacrificial practice to please the people, in exchange for the psychological comfort and sense of balance of the majority. Politics should not be so complacent, and it is politics to reach a consensus with true knowledge and foresight to play a leading role. What should be done should be treated equally with all walks of life. Those in power who are not covered by human rights naturally do not know and cannot implement human rights.

There are countless negative cases in history that have not done well in these two areas. Although Cao Cao has found the right way to stabilize the chaotic situation, he has repeatedly killed good ministers in order to stabilize the people's hearts and refused to Shunde. This has made his way more and more lonely and life-long inconvenience. The children have also killed each other because of the environment. What is even more serious is that its historical evaluation has always been unable to escape without virtue; in World War II, Japan chose an evil road of no return. Even though the original intention was to seek development for Japan and to be compassionate to the Japanese people, it was cruel and unscrupulous to seek only a country’s private virtues. Tao is also in vain, making Japan the only country in the world that has suffered two nuclear strikes; things that both sides have failed to do well, such as 纣 and Jie, let alone go into details.

Democracy that recognizes objective facts is democracy. Gang-style democracy, petting-style democracy, and poppi-style democracy are just formalisms with the "democracy" brand. Democracy in areas where gangs are rampant is the result of gangs fighting, and parties have reported private revenges. The political groups are mostly giant infants. The result of democracy is a farce that coaxes and caters to voters. All people's emotions are the dominant factor, and those who do real things are retaliated against. , The jumping clown can go wild as long as he pleases the people. Democracy must have prerequisites, and only after having at least a normal outlook on good and evil, morality, and politics can it be said to be voters who exercise political rights rationally. If there is a conflict, it would be absurd to use the voting rights granted by the constitution to deny sovereignty. If a country is no longer a country, there is no constitution without a country. In a society without a constitution, the order will be like a jungle world. Democracy must have a verification of principles, and it must be treated with caution in all right and wrong. Only after passing the basic assessment can you be regarded as a voter with the right to stand for elections recognized by the state. Only votes cast are votes with judicial benefits. Votes without principles are just private opinions.
What is the connection between party affiliation and democracy? According to the image, justice is like sunshine, and parties are like a giant beast. No matter how kind beasts are, they can't eliminate the shadows caused by body occlusion. Democracy allows multi-headed beasts to guard each other. Although it cannot eliminate shadows, it can eliminate visual blind spots as much as possible. Emotionally speaking, parties and parties are brothers, and democracy is a rule of coordinating brothers to do things together. Public affairs in modern countries are almost the same. It will be tiring to do it all by one person, but it will naturally be a lot easier to have a few brothers do it separately. This also explains why gang-style democracy is not desirable, because parties and parties are not brothers, but enemies who are fighting. It is not bad if there is no internal friction, let alone working together.

        Democracy means that politicians are not under anyone. The biggest advantage is that the destiny of the country is completely in the hands of the people, and the cost of political competition is greatly reduced. When the democratic mechanism is intact, the level of competition among political groups will not deteriorate beyond control. Democracy is one of the few ways of competition that does not involve dignity. On the contrary, the political view that puts public opinion as the priority makes the concession party clear and righteous. If the struggle has already begun, then the retreat of either party may be interpreted as a deserter, and it will have to surrender power in a battle-to-death way as the Chinese Communists did during the Civil War, but this problem does not exist in the case of democracy. Secondly, no matter whether the ruling party is good or not, it will not bring to the country the unbearable influence caused by those in power (and will not eliminate the influence caused by other factors). If it is competent, it will continue to be re-elected, and if it fails, it will be replaced by public opinion. It should never be like the feudal imperial power. The fate of the country depends on the emperor's wishes. To change the country is turning the cart before the horse. It is not advocated here that the emperor is superior to the people and the society is second, because the emperor is also the people, and people are equal, but different people have different social identities and social roles. Just as the hands and feet are part of the human body, it would be foolish to have to separate them. But things have their roots and ends. First there is the people, then there is the society and then there is the ruler. Anyone who meets the needs of the times can be the ruler. A monarch can only be called a king for the people, otherwise he can only be called a nobleman; a society can only be called a society for the people to make a living, otherwise it can only be called an institution. Furthermore, no one’s knowledge can always cover the entire world. In the face of complex and varied industries and ever-changing situations, it is almost inevitable that decision-makers will have a large number of knowledge blind spots, which must rely on democratic opinions to guide and supplement. Complete. Secondly, even if it is a wrong decision, the people have only exercised their own power, and at best they have not chosen good suggestions correctly. The ontological power of the ruling party can only determine the fate of its own organization, and its duty should be to try its best to preach its own views so that more people tend to choose and adopt it. In this way, the people who voted have no reason to shirk their responsibilities, and the prejudiced and antagonistic relationship between the people and the party can be eased. For those in power with political aspirations, a regime that is not sincerely supported by the people is as indifferent, policies cannot be implemented well, and the realization of political ideals is like a dream. Democracy can well reflect the true intentions of the people.

        There are several shortcomings in the current democracy. 1. The number of people is not necessarily proportional to the rationality of opinions. It is not necessarily correct if there are too many people. Just as Japan supported the war of aggression throughout the country during World War II, the voices opposed to the war may be just a few murmurs in the mouth of a little girl. 2. There is no bottom line for conflicts between parties. Disagreements tend to evolve into hostility or even military conflicts. One issue is overlooked here. The parties are rivals based on peers. In addition to competition for resources (sometimes even an attempt to monopolize resources), peers have more to contribute to the development of the industry, which is often mutually beneficial, but often overlooks the part of gratitude. 3. The democratic method that only relies on the count of votes is too single and one-sided, and the performance test is also a major consideration. For example, the productivity of hundreds of barbarians is no match for a few civilized people who master advanced science and technology. The test topics can be set by a neutral political organization that is trusted by the public and does not seek power, and the nature of competition, the bottom line of competition and the rules of competition can be agreed in advance, and fair competition between parties speaks based on objective results, such as the degree of violation, death data, economic results and other indicators Will be used as the basis for evaluation.
        Why is the economic field in the 20th century more prosperous than the political field? It is often said that business tycoons exchange daoist friends and businessmen, and political tycoons often call each other evil for certain reasons. This is also the reason. Sometimes it’s not just a matter of the fishermen’s gains. In order to compete for power, the high cost of participating in politics and the repeated lowering of the bottom line of competition make people accept and get used to the almost zero-cost public dividend, and gradually lose their gratitude over time. Mind, under all kinds of doctrines, can always pass a shadow of populism inadvertently. But these are not innocent and cute three-year-old children, nor are they housewives who don’t care about world affairs, but adults who control key social decisions and participate in a large number of social activities. This will be extremely harmful.
        To achieve far-reaching and long-lasting victories, the people must pay attention to some of the problems that have been neglected, the side effects that accompany the sinking of power, the ignorance of the unfairness of the fulfillment of democratic responsibilities, and the ignorance of the effectiveness and the ability to define victory when disputes occur. The problem of the lack of negative explicit rules ignores the objectively uneven differences in knowledge and literacy of the crowd, ignores the problem of artificially instigating political groups to make them hostile for profit, and ignores political etiquette (democratic politics without etiquette is as indecent as a curse. ). These problems must be resolved before it can be said to be an excellent democratic system.
        Side effects of power sinking:
        1. The change of political parties makes domestic and foreign policies unsustainable. The multi-party system under the existing system often fails to fulfill the state-level political commitments of the former ruling party, leading to changes in order. The root cause is the failure to assume the collective responsibility of being the same country.
        2. Another negative effect of democracy is the votes of voters, emotional votes, and private grievances. It is evil if civil servants cannot do evil, but it is not evil if other people do evil. Take bribery and bribery for example. Officials must be punished for taking bribes, but people who pay bribes should also be punished.
        3. There are political interests that instigate and worsen party and state relations in exchange for disadvantaged groups.
        4. Absence of emergency response.
        Resolution and response to the side effects of power sinking:
        1. Establish joint and several party responsibilities. What needs to be solemnly stated here is that individuals should never set up joint and several responsibility. The democratic system is for the construction of a better world of human rights, and the cart must not be reversed. The relationship between the party and the state and the relationship between the individual and the state are incomparable. If a politician is unwilling to take responsibility, there is no need to participate in politics at all. The opposition party failed to stop when the ruling party initiates the wrong decision. It is negligence, and failure to properly handle the state promises it has made is to evade responsibility.
        2. Clarify the legal responsibility of the ballot. In the system, every vote can be traced and accountable when necessary, and the best efforts should be made to eliminate the votes of personal relationships and interests, and as far as possible to make every vote out of accountability to the public.
        3. Set up a mutual review mechanism between parties. The party reached a consensus, and all parties clarified and implemented the written bottom line and original intention. The competition between parties and countries is based on the consideration of better solutions to public affairs, rather than personal battles between parties and countries. The phenomenon of deliberately provoking profits should be united and stifled.
        4. Emergency response mechanism. In the face of sudden major public safety incidents, we should decisively adopt a more effective and efficient response system. The loose and lengthy democratic processes on weekdays should be streamlined and compressed. This is conducive to the protection of the people’s livelihood and rights and interests on weekdays, but in the crisis of burning butt, it is a drag on human rights.

### The optimization of democratic system and power design
One criterion and three thresholds can be established. The threshold has no restrictions on what kind of people, but only on people's morality and cognition. Norms are the norms of a country. No matter how many parties there are, they must assume the overall responsibility of a country, practice the overall strategy of a country, and safeguard the overall interests of a country. Of course, any country has the freedom to treat this as more than life. Heavier so as to choose as the principle. The first threshold is to set a zero threshold for personal fate choice, opinion voting and the right to know, that is, citizens of the country have stepped on this threshold, and they should take the initiative to ask and listen to everyone’s opinions and feedback, and announce the truth. Specific quantitative opinions; the second threshold is the threshold for democratic participation in politics, through which you can vote for executive votes with administrative effect. The threshold does not need to be high, and the required values and behaviors are consistent; the third threshold is the threshold for political decision-making. The core decision vote can be cast by passing the threshold, and it can also be used as a final decision when the weight of dissent is similar. The weight of the vote does not violate the principle of minority obedience to the majority. It reflects the people's attitude of respecting objective facts, and the basic idea of voting is equal to one person, one vote. There should be certain conditions for the establishment of voting votes and execution votes for ballots, and certain conditions for voting for execution votes that have judicial effect and determine the destiny of the country, because the country is not only a matter for one person, but also needs to be legally responsible for the execution of votes; instead, choose your own life path It is the right that everyone should be protected by the state to express their personal opinions, because even in the most primitive jungle environment, nature has never deprived any life of this kind of power, and the establishment of a state by man should be better than primitive society. The difference in objective perception can be resolved by the voters independently assigning reasonable weights to the votes of high-prestige groups (the votes recommended by the weight are not weighted), and the results of the votes will be multi-dimensional and hierarchical statistics, the net vote ratio, the weighted vote ratio, if the weighted vote ratio If the gap with the net vote ratio is too large, it shows whether there is asymmetric information in any link?
The center of gravity and concentration of power should not be immutable. The location of the center of power will bring about changes in the characteristics of the country’s political system.

### The historical changes of regime and territory
A clear understanding of the problem of change:
To solve the problem of historical changes in territory and political power, it is necessary to clearly realize that this is a compound problem of multiple disciplines and multi-party interests. If the handling of incidents has reached the dead end of the solitary evidence method (the solitary evidence of judging real problems and the solitary evidence of the use of doctrine), not only can it not solve the problem, it will aggravate the problem and cause disaster. In other words, it is not the two areas of government and economy that can be resolved if they are dealt with properly. Apart from the slow evolution of major ideologies that have occurred over the past century, it also involves issues such as military security, public sentiment, historical and cultural issues, and internal administrative debt. Solving the problem of historical changes in regimes and territories is bound to be a systemic and complex issue, and acting rashly will inevitably lead to war. This is not something that one or two groups of people or one or two interest groups can do well. The development of a mature discipline requires the full satisfaction of the conditions of all parties.

Status and outlook:
For now (2020), non-interference in the internal affairs of other countries is the best practice. As long as human rights are not violated, there is nothing we must do in contemporary times. The most ideal thing we can do is to lay the groundwork for theories and to iterate the world system when the conditions and time are ripe. By the end of World War II, the substantive changes in the national territory were divided according to military strength. The territory was exchanged for the blood and sacrifices of soldiers, and the changes were driven by the military. When there is no clear change in international rules and it is unanimously recognized, the territory will always be sacred and inviolable, and the loss of a country’s territory means the desecration of the country’s dead soldiers. So far, this kind of rule still dominates. The symbolic event is mainly represented by the 38th parallel between North Korea and South Korea. The 38th parallel is not only the dividing line of territorial sovereignty, but also almost equivalent to the border between the military power of North Korea and South Korea. There are still controversies and many shortcomings in the current democratic referendum method of dividing territory. The changes in territory and power are obviously not all covered by political will. Political will is only part of it. In addition, there is a significant cognitive gap between the public and politicians, and they are more likely to be incited and used. Decisions made in this way are often very one-sided, and it is not uncommon for developments to deviate from expectations. Only after the discipline-driven change rules formally replace the original military-driven change rules can this problem be formally dealt with.

What needs to be stated is that the disciplinary drive is not to abandon the military, it is a question of who is the root and who is obedient. Military-driven change is that the military dominates and civilization is subject to obedience. This is obviously anti-intellectual. The modern army is powerful because it has extracted scientific and technological achievements. If there is no science and civilization, hundreds of millions of barbarians can be easily slaughtered by a civilization that masters nuclear technology, or even farmed as poultry. The result of this contrast is only because of the formula proposed by scientist Einstein, e=mc². Disciplinary drive allows civilization to return to its proper dominance.

Military-driven changes have the risk of civilization's demise and frequent civilization retreats. The risks and retreats will become more and more obvious and serious as technology becomes stronger. When the technological level and weapon power of civilization are sufficiently advanced, the consequence of a full-scale war is likely to be the extinction of species, and the transition to discipline-driven evolution is an inevitable process. This is based on the emergence of nuclear weapons as a watershed in the emergence of weapons of mass destruction. Prior to this, it was mostly economic and cultural regression. After that, it will be probed down to the species level.

The change brought about by discipline-driven changes is that there will no longer be frequent global internal friction and regression within human society, and most situations can be resolved through peaceful means provided by disciplines. There are only a few eras, in which people die for peace like burning cottons, require the use of military forces, but they are also controllable and resolved within the constructive military system. At present, the territorial realm is not suitable for economic solutions. It is a better way to separate sovereignty and land use rights, which will help resolve conflicts and benefit people's livelihood. Sovereignty should be defended with life, but it does not have to be war. It can be replaced by cross-domain politics (Note 8), and the proposition of competition can be put forward by organizations with no interests.

###### (Note 8) Cross-domain politics refers to political behaviors that govern across different sovereignties and different regions. It mainly solves problems that cannot be handled by a single political body such as territorial changes and regime changes. If it is a single political body When this series of events occurs, turmoil, civil war, and regional war are almost inevitable. The underlying principle is also due to the increase in entropy of the isolated political system. To make a popular analogy, the hand cannot hold itself with this hand alone.

### Cross-domain politics
###### Unless it is life being issues such as Human Rights or terrorism etc, military should never be the first choice. It's priority to use cross-domain politics than constructive military to solve the territorial issues. However, cross-domain politics is not without casualties, it can restrict the casualties among the politics field.
###### Party members fought for power, and finally the people's hearts failed. After all, it is whether the political ability and the results of governance have been recognized by the people. If it is allowed to develop naturally, the result will often take decades or even a hundred years, and even the blood and blood in the battle will be endless. After all, unnecessary military factors have been mixed into it. Under the basic conditions of human rights, if the stakeholders are established, intelligence warfare, assassination, espionage, and sabotage of political organizations are all unnecessary actions. Because no matter which side wins, the people after the upper ranks only look at how well they can govern. Instead of this, the political factors and visions that people care about should be refined into a system outline for cross-domain politics, and a credible, neutral public organization will preside over the cross-domain political changes. Defining regions and proportionally reducing the life cycle of political activities, refining, simplifying, and clarifying the content and scope of political activities are aimed at eliminating non-critical interference factors and only comparing the strengths and weaknesses of core political theories and systems. Peace should not be forbearance in blood. The world deserves a higher quality of peace. The vision of this move is to build the best of all nations forever.

### Derivative issues
public benefit: 
Public benefit should be calculated more clearly. If the government issues a decree that requires the people to pay a certain economic cost, it is common sense that few people are willing to pay. But if this decree can make the whole society pay a smaller price, then this decree should be implemented. For example, the new crown quarantine, if you obey the decree to isolate at home for 2 months, then the country will suffer 2 months of GDP damage and a subsequent foreseeable economic slowdown, but if you do not obey the decree, the country will have tens of thousands of workers die, the government Spend more fiscal revenue on the new crown governance, the economy will suffer setbacks. In the absence of other political considerations, the latter’s cost is significantly greater, and the specific impact that the public will ultimately feel may be increased taxation, decreased income, unemployment, and difficulty in recruiting. After comparing the national losses caused by the two policies, the better policy is approved by a democratic vote, and the government can exercise its own legal political power. Take tax reduction and exemption measures for enterprises and individuals that respond to the call, take credit control for those that cause bad influence, and form an open record of government-enterprise relations for future government-enterprise cooperation.

Clean government:
Civil servants are supposed to be honest and honest, but if a system makes all civil servants' income stumble even to support their families, it seems to be empty talk. The salaries of all civil servants are one-size-fits-all. Although they are ethical, they are not in line with human nature. Objectively speaking, they are as unreasonable as all-size-fits-all high salaries. This law applies to the majority. The peak of morality in an era is always the minority, and morality is inherently higher than that of ordinary people, and the law is universally applicable to ordinary people. It is obviously much more difficult to demand ordinary people with morality than the law. When the law cannot be fully implemented, this is impractical. It's not that civil servants can't pay high salaries. The key is who decides the high salaries. It is the leaders or the people who have the final say is the core of the problem. On the basis of democracy, people are allowed to determine the income of officials based on objective political performance. The use of gray income will only face legal sanctions, and due diligence can earn high incomes and will also reap the love of the people. It is natural to be honest and public. For the people, if officials can improve their own income and quality of life, it is reasonable for voters to vote for a good salary for officials who have made contributions and improved their lives. As long as government agencies are streamlined and not bloated, the resulting tax burden can be neglected, but the improvement of the country’s political environment will benefit the people a lot. Calculated on the basis of about 5% of the civil servant population and the world’s 50th place in GDP of 16,223 U.S. dollars, if each person gives out 0.1% per capita GDP per month to reward the top 5% of outstanding political achievements, the rewarded group will be able to Each person has a bonus of more than US$6,000, which is not considered a basic salary. It is completely sufficient. However, a transparent mechanism where the people hold the dominant power can make corruption uncompetitive, higher risks but no higher returns, and it is accompanied by lifetime The credit goes bankrupt, and corruption does not pay off. On the other hand, people who vote for supporters according to their own will are more cost-effective to exchange a small amount of money for higher overall income and a better environment than to endure the risk of misappropriating hundreds of millions of public funds.
One of the reasons for corruption of public servants must be caused by injustice. People who are really doing things are criticized and rectified, and officials who use power can gain benefits as long as they are responsible for dereliction of duty for personal gain. This is also a manifestation of the official standard. What matters is not what will happen to the people below, but what the leader thinks and his own black hat, but this kind of public servant has long deviated from the basis of professionalism. People's indignation will make more and more people choose corruption, because doing real things does not give good results, but gaining benefits by gaining power. The value orientation of society encourages people to do evil. But it is also necessary to reflect on the problem from oneself. This is also the weakness of the people contributing to this unhealthy trend. In the face of public complaints and public power for personal gain, one should fight back without fear of life and death. One person can awaken tens of thousands of people, but one person chooses to make the next tens of thousands of people suffer. Looking back at the "Cultural Revolution" in history, the initial compromise did not stop the catastrophe, but the subsequent struggle to the death caused the "Cultural Revolution" to fail completely. If history can be repeated, at the moment when the first person begins to be criticized, we will fight back with the most resolute attitude. At the moment when the first person is killed, we will use the most decisive action to shoot down the perpetrators and behind the scenes. Then the "Cultural Revolution" would never happen at all.

Government efficiency:
A bureaucratic government is not enterprising. It does not seek merits but no demerits. Who determines the promotion of civil servants is crucial, whether it is the leader or the people, and what is the basis for promotion, whether it is merit or seniority. The existing democratic system has drawbacks. Civil servants are only responsible for accepting the drive, and it is difficult to talk about enthusiasm, let alone efficiency. One fact to be recognized is that civil servants are just a profession, not sages, and not everyone is Sun Yat-sen. This means that eating men and women will inevitably be at the mercy of interests and power, and morality and honor alone cannot optimize people's initiative. Whether the designed political system conforms to human nature determines whether public power can run vigorously, and it also determines whether the market can receive a stable social environment and stable political support. Just like the new crown pneumonia in 2020, the rigid and stale system made officials afraid to act, and a public crisis eventually broke out. The evil consequences of the government's inefficiency would eventually not let the market go and prevent it from being poisoned. Ensuring full free choice in the market is as important as designing a political system that conforms to human choice.

Media:
If there is a living soil suitable for media independent of politics, there should be a zero-fault news alliance in the world to eliminate false news and provide fair and open reports on important events that have an impact and are necessary (without wasting manpower and material resources). All arguments are based on facts. This is not in conflict with freedom of speech. Everyone has the right to express their opinions, and everyone has the right to know the truth. The News Alliance accepts any objective opinions, and freedom of speech also needs to endorse the influence of speech. The News Alliance will not erase anyone’s opinions. In addition, it will keep the untruthful news as a record in the archives. This can be used as a record of dishonesty and linked to relevant personnel, so that the public will know "Oh, this person used to be Published fake news", and it is also convenient to correct and apologize for my wrong judgment in the future.
Media that misreports and fabricates news are one of the chief culprits in creating contradictions. Using the instigation of conflicts between all parties as a means of earning profits is actually tantamount to eating the blood and flesh of man-made fighting.
The purpose of setting up a project for correcting errors is to reduce conflicts. If a false news will provoke hatred of the crowd, then it is necessary to establish a project. For some lace scandals, the project should not be established, otherwise it is a waste of public property.

freedom of speech:
In the past practice and formulation of free speech rules, the power of language was seriously underestimated. Language is one of the important signs of human beings entering civilization, and its power is particularly obvious today when information technology is highly developed. The awe-inspiring words are a highly refined expression of this truth. Of course, there is no doubt about the justice of freedom of speech, but the perpetrator must be responsible for the consequences of speech, which means that unhindered freedom of speech is enjoyed by those who are willing to bear the responsibility. Freedom of speech needs to be managed in the system that involves life safety, produces group effects, and shakes universal values (freedom, human rights, peace, and racial discrimination). The key to judicial justice is to fulfill the responsibility of speech. This is also consistent with the central idea of the philosopher Rousseau, who is born free, but is omnipresent in shackles. Similarly, speech has completely lost its shackles, and people will be shackles of each other's desires, and language is only used as an unlocking tool to open endless desires. But there are too many negative examples, slandering business opponents, spreading rumors to compete with colleagues... I will not give examples one by one.
Freedom of speech must be responsible for the consequences of speech. How to understand the responsibility for the consequences of speech, that is to say, the specific speech after the accident is not the core issue. What is important is the consequence of speech behavior, and people need to be responsible for this consequence. For example, people can talk at will in normal times, but not in the emergency room of a hospital. The death of a patient caused by noise is a homicide. For example, if someone suffers a heart attack and still applies strong stimulating language to cause his death, these should be included. punishment. Let me give another example of freedom of death to help understand freedom of speech. People can freely choose euthanasia, but the consequences of choosing to bring about the end of life need to be borne by the perpetrator. After taking the medicine for euthanasia, he regrets not wanting to die, and other people are left. Love can't help, and after death, the responsibility can't be transferred to the implementing organization.
Freedom of speech does not include verbal violence, such as slander and rumors. Severe language violence can actually kill life. The 30-day observation experiment of using language violence against plants conducted by IKEA in the UAE fully illustrates this point. After 30 days, the plant that was subjected to language violence died, while the plant in the normal environment grew. good. Long-term verbal violence can also cause great harm to people. Usually, comparing married couples with constant conflicts and marriages, you can find that the former is in poor physical condition, while the latter can have a young mental condition even when they are older. It is difficult to impose restrictions on individuals in judicial legislation, but the main focus can be on the nature of the organization, the degree of consequences, the scope of influence, and whether it is a group incident. It's just that individual complaints can be eliminated as much as possible, but group language violence is very harmful.
The judicial rights and interests of freedom of speech can only protect content within the scope of morality. Freedom of speech is a right granted to the public by morality, so it must not be able to protect the part outside the scope of morality, that is to say, if the society cannot intervene outside the legal provisions. A series of non-essential things such as image, relationship, credibility, influence, commercial value, etc., these are not only outside the scope of protection that cannot be interfered by morality and justice, but also the free choice of citizens. Although speech can be free, these do not belong to the scope of moral protection. If speech causes damage to these things, society has no reason to interfere, and can only protect citizens' human rights after freedom of speech. To cite a few easy-to-understand examples, boy and girl friends can exercise the right to freedom of speech, but the dissatisfaction of the other party caused by speech and the breakdown of the relationship are the consequences that should be borne, and society cannot force the breakup; another example is that you have no brains to speak Making the boss angry leads to being fired. Although it is freedom of speech, the outside world has no right to interfere with the company's internal relations. Therefore, the law cannot control the fire of being fired. You can only take the consequences yourself and find a job. Private relationships and internal relationships within organizations belong to the personal freedom of individual citizens or groups. The law and society cannot interfere, but the law will ensure that both parties will not suffer illegal personal injury after the relationship breaks down.











Multiple beliefs coexist. Belief is priceless. Comparing attacks between different beliefs is not taking the lives of followers seriously. This is heinous. Faith is indispensable to this world, but in reality, faith may not necessarily be realized. People are still too small compared to the objective world. It is also because faith is not unique to different groups. When it is realized, it will inevitably end. Some of them stand strong in the world of civilization, and some gradually fade into the traces of history over time. As long as they bring meaning to the world in the process of working hard to achieve them, they are worthy of respect.

Multi-ethnic coexistence. The world’s ethnic integration, racial equality, and maintenance of ethnic diversity. Racial equality does not just stop at verbal equality,
The maintenance of ethnic diversity is like a living and viable human gene pool. Its value is indescribable. Human rights should be the prerequisite, otherwise it will cause tragedy.
